
Bon C. Cranford and Ardelia Stoker Cranford, deceased, but long-time
church members of Stony Hill UMC, are the parents of Ernest Bright
Cranford, deceased, Lucille Cranford Mullinix, deceased, Gertrude
Cranford Tucker, deceased, Nell Cranford Burris, membership still at
Stony Hill UMC, and Henry Gay Cranford, deceased.  They have 9
grandchildren.  Bonnie Mullinix Springer, Barry Thomas Mullinix, and
Gay Nell Burris are members of Stony Hill UMC.  Bonnie is married to
Henry Myron; Barry is married to Vanessa Wilson; and Gay Nell is
single.

Bon C. Cranford, a skilled carpenter, built quite a few homes in the
Valley Drive/Morrow Mountain Road area.  One of which was his own
home on Morrow Mountain Road at Valley Drive; as well as the Burse
Mullinix home on Valley Drive. (Note Burse and Janie Stoker Mullinix
are also grandparents of Bonnie and Barry.)

Mr. Cranford built the house, on Valley Drive, where Henry and Bonnie
now make their home.  This home was built in the mid 1920's for a
British couple, Mr. and Mrs. W. W. Moffett, who resided there for
approximately 10 years.  T. B. Mullinix, Jr. and Lucille Cranford
Mullinix were married in 1934, and purchased the house from the
Moffetts in 1935.  They raised 3 children there:  Bonnie, Ned (Edward
Nelson) and Barry.  Mr. Cranford renovated this house about 1951, and
added 2 rooms, a partial basement and an attic so the Mullinix family
could have more living space. Lucille and T. B. died, 1964 and 1999,
respectively.  In 1999, Bonnie inherited this home place.  In 2001, upon
Henry and Bonnie's retirement, they renovated the home, to make it
more to their style of living.  No, Bon Cranford was not around to help
with this project.  Henry and Bonnie feel very blessed to be able to have
this home for their retirement years.  (Just in case you are wondering,
Bonnie was born into this home, her parents had been living there for a
year or so, so this house is around 83 years old.)

Bon Cranford also built the Moonset Inn at the northeast corner of
Valley Drive and Morrow Mountain Road in 1939; six years after the
US Congress repealed the prohibition amendment.  The Moonset Inn
became a popular gathering spot in the southern piedmont.  A grocery
store was operated on the north end of the Inn.  Later the Inn was
converted totally to a grocery store, run by Nancy and George Hanks.
The building currently belongs to one of Cranford's grandsons, Bob
Tucker, who has converted it to a rental unit.

Bon Cranford had much to do with the renovating of Stony Hill Church
in the 1940's.  His skills as a carpenter saved the church many dollars.

"Daddy Bon" and "Mother Cranford", (Ardelia was just too much of
"mouthful" when we were young) as they were affectionally called, were
what we call "good people".  There was not much Bon Cranford
couldn't do, and if his wife, or any of his family were in need of
anything, if he could do it, it was done.  Many of my memories of them
are still very vivid in my mind, and I will always be grateful to have had
them as grandparents.

Submitted by
Bonnie Mullinix Springer
May 2008
