Bon C. Cranford and Ardelia Stoker Cranford, deceased, but long time 
member of Stony Hill UMC, are the parents of Ernest Bright Cranford, 
deceased, Lucille Cranford Mullinix, deceased, Gertrude Cranford 
Tucker, deceased, Nell Cranford Burris, membership still at Stony Hill 
UMC, and Henry Gay Cranford, deceased.  They have 9 grandchildren.  
Bonnie Mullinix Springer, Barry Thomas Mullinix, and Gay Nell Burris 
are members of Stony Hill UMC.  Bonnie married to Henry Myron; 
Barry is married to Vanessa Wilson; and Gay Nell is single.

Bon C. Cranford, a skilled carpenter, built quite a few homes in the 
Valley Drive/Morrow Mountain Road area.  One of which was his own 
home on Morrow Mountain Road, at Valley Drive; as well as the Burse 
Mullinix home on Valley Drive. (Note Burse and Janie Stoker Mullinix 
are also grandparents of Bonnie and Barry.)

Mr. Cranford built the house, on Valley Drive, where Henry and Bonnie 
now make their home.  This home was built in the mid 1920's for a 
British couple, Mr. and Mrs. W. W. Moffett, who resided there for 
approximately 10 years.  T. B. Mullinix, Jr. and Lucille Cranford 
Mullinix were married in 1934, and purchased the house from the 
Moffetts in 1935.  They raised 3 children there:  Bonnie, Ned (Edward 
Nelson) and Barry.  Mr. Cranford renovated this house about 1951, and 
added 2 rooms, a partial basement and an attic so the Mullinix family 
could have more living space.  Lucille and T. B. died, 1964, and 1999, 
respectively.  In 1999, Bonnie inherited this home place.  In 2001, upon 
Henry and Bonnie's retirement, they renovated the home, to make it 
more to their style of living.  No, Bon Cranford was not around to help 
with this project.  Henry and Bonnie feel very blessed to be able to have 
this home for their retirement years.  (Just in case you are wondering, 
Bonnie was born into this home, her parents had been living there for a 
year or so, so this house is around 83 years old.)

Bon Cranford also built the Moonset Inn at the northeast corner of 
Valley Drive and Morrow Mountain Road in 1939; six years after the 
US Congress repealed the prohibition amendment.  The Moonset Inn 
became a popular gathering spot in the southern piedmont.  A grocery 
store was operated on the north end of the Inn.  Later the Inn was 
converted totally to a grocery store, run by Nancy and George Hanks.  
The building currently belongs to one of Cranford's grandsons, Bob 
Tucker, who has converted it to a rental unit.

Bon Cranford had much to do with the renovating of Stony Hill Church 
in the 1940's.  His skills as a carpenter saved the church many dollars.

"Daddy Bon" and "Mother Cranford", (Ardelia was just too much of 
"mouthful" when we were young) as they were affectionally called, were 
what we call "good people".  There was not much Bon Cranford 
couldn't do, and if his wife, or any of his family were in need of 
anything, if he could do it, it was done.  Many of my memories of them 
are still very vivid in my mind, and I will always be grateful to have had 
them as grandparents.

Submitted by Bonnie Mullinix Springer
May 2008


Tom Burse Mullinix, Sr. and Mary Jane Stoker Mullinix, parents of 
Selby Hartford Mullinix, and adopted son, T. B. Mullinix, Jr.  T. B. was 
the biological child of John Hardister and Tenner Mullinix Hardister, 
(sister of Tom Burse Mullinix, Sr).  Burse and Janie Mullinix adopted 
T. B. before he was a year old.  The above are grandparents of Bonnie 
Mullinix Springer, Ned (Edward Nelson) Mullinix, and Barry Thomas 
Mullinix.  Bonnie and Barry are members of Stony Hill UMC.

I use to get a "big kick" out of saying I had three sets of grandparents.  
Folk would look at me as if I were crazy.  But I did have three sets of 
grandparents:  the Mullinix ones, the Cranford ones, and the Hardister 
ones.  Dad's biological father remarried.  And we visited with he and his  
wife, Mary, and the children from that union rather frequently in my 
earlier years.

"Daddy Burse" and Mother Janie", as affectionally called by their 
grandchildren were what I refer to on many occasions about dear folk, 
as "good people".  "Daddy Burse" was a farmer and did some saw 
milling as a means of livelihood for his family.  "Daddy Burse" had a 
keen sense of humor, and could "spin a yarn a mile long".  Any event 
told by him was different every time he told it and we all laughed again 
and again.  And did he ever like to fish, oh yes!  

"Mother Janie" was a homemaker, and made the best ginger snaps and 
fried apple pies you could ever put in your mouth, as well as homemade 
noodles.

Their chickens "ran free of the place" so gathering eggs could be a 
challenge.  Also, they did not have "indoor plumbing" in my earlier 
years, which was challenge of another sort.  And they had big garden 
some distance from their home, and if you happen to be around at this 
time of year, well you spent your time in the garden as well. I can recall 
sitting on their porch with green beans, everywhere it seemed, and 
stringing and breaking them all day long.  And since my hands were 
small, I got to wash all the jars for the canning.

For whatever reason, mainly I think because daughters seem to be 
closer to their mother's parents, I was, however, very fond of my 
Mullinix grandparents and have fond memories of them as well.

Submitted by
Bonnie Mullinix Springer
May 2008


T. B. Mullinix, Jr. and Lucille Cranford Mullinix, parents of Bonnie 
Jean Mullinx Springer, Ned (Edward Nelson) Mullinix and Barry 
Thomas Mullinix.  T. B. and Lucille were married October 19, 1934 in 
the living room of Lucille's parents home, Bon and Ardelia Stoker 
Cranford.  T. B. and Lucille purchased the W. W. Moffett house in 
1935.  The Moffetts had lived in the house approximately ten years, they 
were a British couple, and they returned to their native home.

T. B. was a chauffer for the Moffetts for a few years, and traveled 
extensively with them, gong places and seeing things he would not have 
seen normally.  He and Lucille worked in the local mill early in their 
marriage.  T. B., then worked for Alcoa, and Standard Oil of New 
Jersey, now known as Exxon, from where he retired in the early 1970's.

Lucille was a homemaker of the truest sort.  She worked outside her 
home only a short time, and did all necessary to be home for her 
children, to be available for her parents and in-laws, do much for her 
church, and others.  Lucille was an accomplished seamstress, and did 
handwork of any kind.  (I have tried all my life to be as much like her as 
possible.  I have failed miserably at the sewing machine and the 
handwork, and probably all the other as well.)

Lucille contacted tuberculosis in early 1946.  She was pregnant with 
Barry at this time.  From April-mid-December 1946, Lucille was a 
resident at a state sanatorium near Aberdeen, North Carolina.  Bonnie 
resided with the Cranford grandparents, hence her strong affection for 
them, while Ned resided with the Mullinix grandparents.  They lived 
with their grandparents during the weekdays, as T. B. traveled with his 
work, being with him on the weekends, doing the Sunday afternoon 
visits with Lucille.  Barry was born in June 1946, and lived with Aunt 
Nell (Lucille's sister) until Lucille was able to come home in mid-
December 1946, and the family was united.  Lucille always had a strong 
faith, as did T. B., and it served all of them well at this unusual time in 
their lives.  The family was different from that time on.

We certainly did not have a lot of money, but I don't recall not having 
everything we really needed.  I had "one of a kind" nice clothes all the 
time my mother lived, because she made them for me.  She was a very 
classy lady, with a lot of style about her, and quite attractive I must say.  
She was very dear to my heart, and it nearly broke in two when she died 
as the result of an automobile accident in February 1964.

Lucille was 49 years old when she died.  She and T. B. would have been 
married 30 years in October 1964.

In time, (1972), T. B. remarried.  He married Deane Green Little, an 
Exxon employee whose husband had died from cancer.  They were 
married nearly 26 years when Tom (as Deane referred to him) died in 
March, 1999, just days before his 88th birthday.

Dad was a dear soul, a wonderful father, and a truly loving grandfather 
to his 9 grandchildren.  

It took me some time to realize I was raised in what Henry and I refer to 
as "God's Country", and for me to appreciate how and where I was 
raised, and by whom.  Life is a journey, and I have been blessed with 
many "good people" on my journey.

Submitted by
Bonnie Mullinix Springer
May 2008



Henry Silas and Emma Burgess Springer, parents of James Horace 
Springer, Ottie Jane Springer Haynie, and Henry Myron Springer.  
Henry Myron is a member of Stony Hill UMC.

These Springers were "good people" too.  They came to Stony Hill when 
Henry Myron was 8, and it bears mentioning, Bonnie Mullinix, was 5.  
The Springers were very strong and hard working members of the 
church.  There was not anything they would not do for their church.  
And they sat a very good example for all around them, including their 
youngest son.

Henry Silas worked in the local mill for many years, and then later 
worked many years with Collins and Aikman, from where he retired 
when he was 65 years old.  But he didn't stop there, he then worked 
with Mills Body Shop until he was in his 80's.  When the Springers lived 
on the Till home place, just off Valley Drive, they always had a large 
garden, and all the family worked in the garden.  They also had a 5-
gallon ice cream freezer which was used extensively in the summer 
months by all the community.

Henry Silas sang many years, close to 50, in the church choir, and a 
good tenor he was and certainly an asset to the choir itself, besides, once 
again, being a very good example to all near him.  He also received the 
Lay Person of the Year award in the mid 1990's.

Emma worked in the local mill as well.  But still found time for her 
family and canning everything from A-Z from the garden.  To say she 
loved her children and grandchildren would be an "under statement", 
and they loved her.

Henry Silas and Emma had 52 years of marriage together.  The 
Springers had a strong faith also.  Emma died in February 1979.

Henry Silas married Doris Fink Fultz in June 1980, and they had been 
married 22 years when Henry Silas died November 2002.  Henry Silas 
was 95 years old.

I am proud to have married into this family.  They were wonderful 
people.  And I still say Dad Springer was the perfect father-in-law.  And 
as always, I am blessed and grateful this family has been part of my 
life's journey.

Respectfully submitted
Bonnie Mullinix Springer
May 2008

