
October 21, 2007
21st Sunday after Pentecost
10:45 a.m.

PRELUDE AND LIGHTING OF THE CANDLES

*CHORAL CALL TO WORSHIP
"Sanctuary"

	Lord, prepare me to be a sanctuary; Pure and holy, tried and true. 
	With thanksgiving, I'll be a living sanctuary for you.

WELCOME, ANNOUNCEMENTS, AND PASSING OF THE PEW PADS

*GREETING
Psalm 19.1
	The heavens are telling the glory of God; 
	And the firmament proclaims his handiwork. 

* CALL TO WORSHIP

Psalm 8.3-9
	When I look at your heavens, the work of your fingers, the moon and the
	stars that you have established; What are human beings that you are mindful
	of them, mortals that you care for them? Yet you have made them a little
	lower than God, and crowned them with glory and honor. You have given them
	dominion over the works of your hands; you have put all	things under their
	feet, All sheep and oxen, and also the beasts of the field, the birds of the
	air, and the fish of the sea, whatever passes along the paths of the seas. 
	O Lord, our Sovereign, how majestic is your name in all the earth!

*HYMN  617
"I Come with Joy"
DOVE OF PEACE

*OPENING PRAYER

	Creator God, You show your almighty power chiefly by reaching out to us in
	mercy. Grant us the fullness of your grace, strengthen our trust in your promises,
	and bring all the world to share in the treasures that come through your Son,
	Jesus Christ our Lord. Amen.

WORSHIP WITH OUR TITHES AND OFFERINGS

*DOXOLOGY

"Give Thanks"

PRAYERS OF THE CHURCH

PRAYER FOR ILLUMINATION  6

	Lord, open our hearts and minds by the power of your Holy Spirit, that, as
the Scriptures are read and your Word proclaimed, we may hear with joy what you
say to us today. Amen.

SCRIPTURE LESSON
Genesis 1:1-2:4a
		This is the Word of God for the people of God.	Thanks be to God.

SERMON

Pastor Mary

*HYMN  577
"God of Grace and God of Glory"
CWM RHONDDA

*THE APOSTLES' CREED  7
Response to the Word of God
I believe in God, the Father Almighty, creator of heaven and earth. 
I believe in Jesus Christ, his only Son, our Lord, who was conceived by The Holy
Spirit, born of the Virgin Mary, suffered under Pontius Pilate, was crucified,
died and was buried: he descended to the dead. On the third day he rose again:
he ascended into heaven, is seated at the right hand of the Father, and will
come again to judge the living and the dead.
I believe in the Holy Spirit, the holy catholic church, the communion of saints,
the forgiveness of sins, the resurrection of the body, and the life everlasting.
Amen.

*HYMN  89
"Joyful, Joyful, We Adore Thee"
HYMN TO JOY

*BLESSING  11

* CHORAL BENEDICTION
"How Sweet The Name of Jesus Sounds "

		How sweet the Name of Jesus Sounds in a believer's ear. 
	It soothes his sorrows, heals his wounds, and drives away his fear.
	Jesus , my Shepherd, brother, friend, my prophet, priest, and king. 
	My Lord, my life my way, my end, accept the praise I bring.

The first pages of Genesis remind us that we were created by God, as were
animals and plants, light and darkness, land and sea. But the story tells us
something else about creation, namely that humans have a special relationship
with God. Only into human bodies did God breathe the "breath of life" (2:7).
Human beings were created in God's image (1:27), and only to humans did God give
responsibility to care for creation (1:28). You may notice that there are
actually two stories about creation told side by side. Each story was written
from a different perspective and has a different emphasis.

The first account of creation is Genesis 1:1-2:4a. It was probably written when
the people of Israel were in exile in Babylon. They were feeling abandoned by
God and yearned to return to their homeland. This story called these discouraged
people back to faith in their all-powerful creator God.

Visitors: A warm welcome to Stony Hill. Please sign our guest book in the
narthex, and include your mailing address. There are also guest cards in the
pews. Join us again soon!

Stanly County Christian Ministries: Please bring canned vegetables during
October for those less fortunate. Receptacles are in the narthex and in the hall
outside the choir loft.

Stony Hill has joined the Conference Media Center. Classes and groups can now
borrow those expensive sets of Bible study books and videos at no cost.

Stony Hill Web Site		http://www.infobucket.com/shumc/

Coming Up at Stony Hill
Sunday		9:45 am, Sunday School for all ages; 10:45, Worship, 5:30 Youth
Monday		6:30 pm, Welcome Bible Study, 7:15 pm, Girl Scouts
Tuesday		9:00 am, Bible Study, Gospel of John
Wednesday	8:00 am, Breakfast Bunch at Hal's; 7:00 pm, Choir
Thursday	6:30 pm, Boy Scouts, Fellowship Hall
			7:00 pm, Disciple Bible Study at Lynne Terry's

Serving Today
Greeters		Jim and Debbie Measmer					Piano	Patty McCormick
Counters		Loraine Fesperman and Jim Measmer		Pastor	Mary Lautensleger
Ushers			Sprinky Burris and Dewell Cook			Sound	Missy Archer
Acolytes		Jasmine Benson and Cortney Germain		Lector	Debbie Measmer

