
October 28, 2007
Reformation Sunday
10:45 a.m.

PRELUDE AND LIGHTING OF THE CANDLES

*CHORAL CALL TO WORSHIP
"Sanctuary"

	Lord, prepare me to be a sanctuary; Pure and holy, tried and true. 
	With thanksgiving, I'll be a living sanctuary for you.

WELCOME, ANNOUNCEMENTS, AND PASSING OF THE PEW PADS

*GREETING

	The Grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you.	And also with you.
	The Risen Christ is with us.					Praise the Lord!

* CALL TO WORSHIP


	O God, once again we meet in your house,
	A house frequented by the spirits of Martin Luther, John Calvin,
	John Wesley and other spiritual ancestors. Let their love for you
	and their devotion to your Word inspire our worship on this
	Reformation Day. In homage to them, we recommit ourselves as
	lifelong students of your Word. Prod us to become informed and
	dedicated Protestants: Protesting against entrenched wrong
	wherever we find it, and testifying on behalf of your free offer
	of salvation through your divine son. Let us reaffirm in our
	worship that we are justified by faith in him, And help us prove
	the depth of our faith by working effectively as messengers of his
	love and compassion. Amen.

*HYMN  617
"I Come with Joy"
DOVE OF PEACE

*OPENING PRAYER


Holy God, fill us with the spirit of the great reformers of the
church. Revive our awareness of their contributions, faith and zeal.
Help us celebrate their witness and vision. Grant us insight to
recognize prophets you appoint in our own time. Assist us in opposing
self-appointed prophets who, in your name, try to lead your people
astray. Reform your son's church, O God, beginning with us. In the
name of the greatest prophet and the boldest reformer, our Lord and
Savior Jesus Christ. Amen.

WORSHIP WITH OUR TITHES AND OFFERINGS

*DOXOLOGY  94
"Praise God from Whom All Blessings Flow"
Lasst Uns Erfreuen 

PRAYERS OF THE PEOPLE

ANTHEM

"He Will Remember Me"
Eugene Bartlett
PRAYER FOR ILLUMINATION  6

	Lord, open our hearts and minds by the power of your Holy Spirit,
that, as the Scriptures are read and your Word proclaimed, we may hear
with joy what you say to us today. Amen.

SCRIPTURE LESSON
Jeremiah 31:31-34
		This is the Word of God for the people of God.	Thanks be to God.

SERMON
Write to the Heart
Pastor Mary

*HYMN  500
"Spirit of God, Descend upon My Heart"
MORECAMBE

*THE APOSTLES' CREED  7
Response to the Word of God
I believe in God, the Father Almighty, creator of heaven and earth. 

I believe in Jesus Christ, his only Son, our Lord, who was conceived
by The Holy Spirit, born of the Virgin Mary, suffered under Pontius
Pilate, was crucified, died and was buried: he descended to the dead.
On the third day he rose again: he ascended into heaven, is seated at
the right hand of the Father, and will come again to judge the living
and the dead.

I believe in the Holy Spirit, the holy catholic church,
the communion of saints, the forgiveness of sins, the resurrection of
the body, and the life everlasting. Amen.

*HYMN  110
"A Mighty Fortress Is Our God"
EIN FESTE BURG  

*BLESSING  11

* CHORAL BENEDICTION
"How Sweet The Name of Jesus Sounds "

		How sweet the Name of Jesus Sounds in a believer's ear. 
	It soothes his sorrows, heals his wounds, and drives away his fear.
	Jesus , my Shepherd, brother, friend, my prophet, priest, and king. 
	My Lord, my life my way, my end, accept the praise I bring.
Jeremiah 31.31-34: In our Old Testament lesson the prophet foresees a
new covenant which God will make with God's own people, a covenant
written, not on tablets of stone, but on human hearts. Israel and
Judah have broken the covenant which the Lord made when bringing them
out of slavery in Egypt. Now they are about to go into exile. Yet the
days are coming when their sins will be forgiven, and God will
establish a new relationship with them. This covenant will be based
not on external law, but on an inner knowing of the Lord.

Visitors: A warm welcome to Stony Hill. Please sign our guest book in
the narthex, and include your mailing address. There are also guest
cards in the pews. Join us again soon!

All Saints Sunday is November 4, when our congregation will celebrate
the lives of all our family members who have joined the Church
Triumphant within the last year. If a member of your family has died
since All Saints Day of 2006, please give Mary their name and date of
death by Wednesday to be included in the bulletin. Thank you.

Stanly County Christian Ministries: Please bring canned meats during
November for those less fortunate. Receptacles are in the narthex and
in the hall outside the choir loft.

Stony Hill has joined the Conference Media Center. Classes and groups
can now borrow those expensive sets of Bible study books and videos at
no cost.

Stony Hill Web Site		http://www.infobucket.com/shumc/

Coming Up at Stony Hill
Sundays	9:45 am, Sunday School for all ages; 10:45, Worship, 5:30 Youth
Mondays	6:30 pm, Welcome Bible Study, 7:15 pm, Girl Scouts
Tuesdays	9:00 am, Bible Study, Gospel of John
Wednesdays	8:00 am, Breakfast Bunch at Hal's; 7:00 pm, Choir
Thursdays	6:30 pm, Boy Scouts, Fellowship Hall	
Sun. Oct. 28	5:00 pm, Charge Conference at Pfeiffer Chapel
Sun., Nov. 4	12:00 pm, Administrative Board Called Meeting
Sun., Nov. 18	6:00 pm, Community Thanksgiving Service at Badin Baptist Church

Serving Today
Greeters		Angie Peele and Bernice Whitley			Piano	Patty McCormick
Counters		Kay Pope and Pam Kiker					Pastor	Mary Lautensleger
Ushers			Clarence Mills and David Mills			Sound	Spencer Peele
Acolytes		Tabitha Peele and Casey Germain			Lector	Debbie Measmer
