

Stony Hill Church From 1800-1964

By Alberta Lowder Boggan

My perceptions of Stony Hill Church history was formulated after
researching the church records, exchanging notes with Kirk Shaver, and
talking with my elders, mainly my mother, Maude Forrest Lowder and
Harry's aunt Lilly. However I know there is much that I do not know
about the history of our church. I will share the knowledge that I have.

Stony Hill Church was organized around the early 1800's at Tindalsville,
the county seat of Montgomery County. Tindalsville wsa located in the
area that later became Lowder's Ferry. It is believed the founding
fathers met in the home of George and Martha Kirk for the organizational
meeting. It is also believed that the first services were held in an oak
grove, where the first log building was constructed. It was located on a
four-acre rocky knoll, thus the name Stony Hill. The location was just
east of the Kron home and about 200 yards north of the marker that
designates the Will Lowder place, in Morrow Mountain State Park. This
early church was on the Rocky River circuit, and was served by a circuit
rider.

The church remained in this location until around 1840. Stanly County
was being formed at this time. The county seat of Montgomery was moved
to Troy. Tindalsville began to fade into history. The church was moved
to the Daniel Christenbury Kirk farm. The church was moved again in
1885, one-fourth mile north to its present site. Josh Postal Kirk gave
the land for this location.

The church building contained only the sanctuary and vestibule. The
sanctuary was light and airy with clear glass windows. Oil lamps,
mounted on the wall by each window, lighted the church. Two wood heaters
heated the church. They were situated on on each side of the church
aisle, just a little close to the pulpit than to the entrance.

The amen corner was on the left side of the pulpit. The old pump organ
and the choir was to the right of the pulpit. I remember Neal Lily
Boggan as the organist and Nora Redwine as the assistant organist. There
were only four Sunday school classes. The men's class was in the amen
corner. Jackson Underwood, who married Louisa Forrest, was teacher of
this class. The women's class was in the right hand back corner. The
teenager's class was on the right side. The picture card class was on
the left. Neal Lilly Boggan taught this class, according to my memory.
These two classes gathered around the heater durng the wintertime.

It was eveident around 1935, that the church needed more classrooms.
Paul E. Kirk, Burse Mullinix, Bon Cranford, and Will Lowder were active
in the re-modeling project. The vestibule classsrooms were enlarged, by
tearing out the inside wall, thus doing away with the vestibule.
Curtains were used to separate these classrooms from the sanctuary
during Sunday school. They were pulled open for worship services. A
balcony was built over these two enlarged rooms, forming two new
classsrooms. The young men's class was in the balcony on the left. The
junior class was in the balcony on the right. I taught this class. The
young ladies class was on the left under the balcony and was taught by
Carey Greenlee. The beginner's class on the right under the balcony. The
older adult classes remained in the sanctuary.

The necessity for additional classrooms came up again in 1947. The
congregation voted to completely re-model and renovate the church this
time. They elected Bon Cranford to chair the building committee, and
Will Lowder as chairman of the finance committee. There were several
people on the fund raising committee, but Will Lowder raised more money
from different sources than anyone. Bon Cranford worked long and hard as
head of the construction crew. The porject began with the erection of
classrooms adjoining the back of the church. The outside of the existion
church was brick veneered and re-roofed. They did away with the balcony
and again added a vestbule. A choir loft was added, wall plastered,
celetex put overhead, glass-stained memorial windows installed. The
floor was elevated. New pews and pulpit furniture was purchased. A
heating system was installed.

The Fellowship Hall was build and dedicated in 1957. Harry Boggan, the
church school superintendent was master of ceremonies.

The Sunday school was was annexed in 1962 and dedicated on homecoming
Sunday, August 2, 1964. E. Jack Ingram was Building Committee Chairman.
Around 1963 the Men's Club took on the project of putting down concrete
on the right-hand side of the church. A new Allen organ was purchased in
1964. Chimes were dedicated to the memory of Mrs. T.B. Mullinex, Jr. in
1965.

Early Church Members

The first records mentioned the names, Atkins, Bell, Blalock, Forrest,
Freeman, Huckabee, Kirk, Manor, Melton, Rush, Smith, and Stoker. Most of
these families have decendents in our church today.

Arthur F. Atkins (1810-1892) was an outstanding member and preacher of
Stony Hiill. He married Harriet Forrest (my great great great Aunt). His
second wife was Martha Elliott. He was a firm believer in no unnecessary
action on Sunday. He was half through shaving on a Saturday night, when
his cow got out. he chased her until midnight. It wa then the Sabbath
and he had not finished shaving. He preached at Stony Hill with only
one-half of his face shaved (my mother told me this story).

The Bells have had a prominent place in Stony Hill down through the
years. Preacher Ben Bell was reported receiving members into the chruch
in 1831. He is the forefather of the Kirk, Bell and Shaveer failies. His
dauhter Martha marrried George Kirk. A descendent of this family, J. C.
Bell was a former Sunday school superintendent. His son Robert Vickers
Shaver played the piano.

The Blalock family was of great value to Stony Hill. Bailey Blalock was
Sunday schol superintendent ofr forty years, from 1852 to 1922. ???? He
is Doris Fultz Springer's grandfather.

The Forrest family has been members of Stony Hill since the early days
of the church. Abraham settled in the Stony Hill area before 1770 on
6000 acres of land. There is no mention of Abraham, his son John
Greshem, or grandson John Greshem Jr. holding any church office, however
early records noted that Nancy, wife of ohn Greshem Jr. died in faith.
John Greshem, Jr. was the father of James D. who was the father of
William J. (Buck) a Sunday school teacher at Stony Hill. James D. was
also the father of Bea Forrest Fesperman and Maude Forrest Lowder. Bea
was the grandmother of Tommy Fesperman and Margaret Fesperman Fields.
Margaret's husband, Sid Fields is the current pianist at Stony Hill.
Maude Lowder was the grandmother of Pat Boggan Speight. Margaret, Tommy
and Pat are the seventh generaton of the Forrest family at Stony Hill.

The Kirk family is obviously of great consequence to the church. In
addition to the lands first given to the church sites, Paul E. and his
daughter Dera gave land to extend the present grounds and cemetery. Paul
E. was also a steward and trustee. Another daugher, Gelia Kirk Talbert,
was pianist for sevral years. Rev. Richard Kirk from this family served
as pastor at Stony Hill in 1944. After leaving a service at Stony Hill
on his way to Union Chapel, he sufered a heart atach and died. Rev. Ed
Kirk a member of this family once preached a homecoming service at Stony
Hill. Jeff Michael is a very active member today. Jeff's grandmother,
Della Kirk Michael was secretary of her Sunday school class. His aunt,
the late Frances Michael Biggers was secretary of the church.

The Melton family was important to our church. They have been members
down through the years. Jim, Raymond, and Starr Mauldin(named for a
Stony Hill preacher) are descended from this family.

The Smith family is a distinguished old family of Stony Hill, I believe
this family goes back to Robert Smith, who was the father of John Smith,
forefather of Tevis and Jack Smith. Joe Smith of this family was a
Methodist minister and once preached a homecoming service at Stony Hill.
Archibald Smith, another son of Robert, was the first known Sunday
school superintendent, according to Mrs. J.N. Lilly. His daughter Nancy
Smith Lilly (1840-1916) was a Sunday school teacher. John Frank Lilly,
her husband, was Sunday school superintendent. Their daughter, Neal
Smith Lilly Boggan was pianist and Sunday school teacher. Neal's son,
Harry served as superintendent, steward and trustee. Harry's daughter
Patricia Boggan Speight, pianist and organist for twenty-five was the
fifth generation of active members.

The Stoker famly is another family of great significance. S. M. Stoker
was on the early church roll. He was the father of Robert Marshall
Stoker (father of Talmadge Stoker); Mary Jane Stoker Mullinix(mother of
T.B. Mullinix, Jr.);Arthur Adkins Stoker (father of Robert Stoker); and
Ardelia Stoker Cranford (wife of Bon Cranford, and mother of Nell
Burris, Gertrude Tucker, and Lucille Mullinix). This family has done a
lot for the church. Talmadge was superintendent and filled other church
positions as well. Talmadge's wife, Virginia Hinson Stoker(a descendent
of Jackson Underwood) was President of the first Missionary society. She
did a lot of other church work too. T.B. Mullinix, Jr. and his wife
Lucille Cranford Mullinix(daughter of Ardelia) were very active church
members, holding many church positions. They were the parents of Barry
Mullinix and Bonnie Mullinix Springer, both active menbers today. Bonnie
was once Stony Hill pianist. Lucille Stoker Smith(mother of Tevis and
Jack) was a Sunday school teaher. She also served in many other church
roles.

The Ingram family has been very active since joining Stony Hill in the
late 1800's or early 1900's. Jack Ingram and his wife Wilson(Dinah)
Russell Ingram were both very active members, holding many church
offices.  Joe ingram, Frances Furr and Kay Mills also active members are
descendents of this family.

Stony Hill and The Albemarle Circuit

The Albemarle Circuit was organized around 1831 to serve the already
existing Stony Hill, Randall and a new church, Central that was being
organized at this time.

The first Central Methodist Church building was erected in 1841, on land
given to the Albemrle Circuit, by the Daniel Freeman family. Several
members of Stony Hill families became members of Central. It has been
said that Central began as a mission church of Stony Hill. The Huckabee,
McCain and Lilly families had members at Central. Margie Mauney,
granddaughter of Arthur Atkins became organist at Central in 1921 and
served in this positino for over fifty years. I remember Margie Mauney
and a quartet including J. N. Lilly(Uncle Jim)coming to Stony Hill to
render the music for funerals and special occasions.

A parsonage was built on Pee Dee Avenue in Albemarle to serve the
Albemarle Circuit. The house is still in existence. Central became a
station church in 1899, but the parsonage remained with the circuit,
until a new parsonage was built on the Norwood Road, next to Union
Chapel Church. At this time Union Chapel, Pine Grove and Stony Hill were
on the Albemarle Circuit. The churches on the Albemarle Circuit changed
from time to time, but Stony Hill remained constant until it became a
station church. The Stony Hill parsonage was then built on Valley Drive.

Envelope System

Paul E. Kirk, Burse Mullinex, and Will P. Lowder were stewards during
the 1930's. It was their duty to see that the church met its financial
obligations. The church came up short each yer. These three men dided
the deficit and paid it out of their own pockets.

During the latter part of the 1930's, the decision was made to implement
the envelope system. Each member was urged to put a dime in the church
provided envelope each Sunday. This was sufficient to take care of the
church budget.

Stony Hill only paid a portion of the preacher's salary as it was on the
Albemarle Circuit with several other churches.

Missionary Society Organized

Rev. G. L. Wilkinson reported in his pastor's report to a quarterly
conference in 1938 that three missionary societies had been organized on
the Albemarle Circuit. They were Stony Hill, Union Chapel and Pine
Grove. There were no details given, however I remember that I was asked
to cantact Mrs. Z.V. Moss the conference secretary to invite her to come
to Stony Hill to discuss and possily organize a missionary society. She
came and a society was organized. Virginia Stoker was elected president
and I was elected secretary.

Stony Hill Cemetery

It was neccessary before 1940, to have a "cleaning off" of the cemetery
each summer. Many lots grew up in weeds and briars and were indeed an
unsightly place. The Young Ladies Class under the leadership of their
teacher, Carey Greenlee started a Cemetery improvement campaign. They
asked for donations from families who owned lots in the cemetery. These
funds were used to seed and fertilize the grounds. The class sold
Christmas cards for several years to raise money for the upkeep. There
have also been substantial gifts given to the fund.

Vacation Bible School

Vacation Bible School was instituted by Rev. E. A. Bingham in 1941. The
school held in June at the church from 9:00 to 11:00 A.M. Monday through
Friday. Those teaching included Gelia Kirk Talbert, Neal Lilly Boggan,
the preacher, and I. Women of the church supplied snacks and drinks for
break time each day. Lucille Smith invited the teachers and the preacher
to her home for lunch on Friday. I also taught the Junior class at
Bethany Bible School at the request of Rev. Bingham. Bethany was on the
Albemarle Circuit at this time.

Sunrise Service

Rev. N.C. Williams, Jr. established the Easter sunrise service in 1946.
The service was sponsored jointly by the four churches on the Albemarle
Circuit. This was the first sunrise service in Stanly County. There were
thousands of people in attendance. An ambulance, doctor and a nurse were
there to attend any one who might become ill. It was at this time that
Paul Kirk gave the land behind the church to be used as a parking lot
for this service. The lot was full of cars. The church parking lot was
full and cars were parked along the John I. Kirk road and also the
church road.

Homecoming 1951

Rev. J. C. Freeman chose 'Coming Home' as the theme for his homecoming
service in 1951. Rev. Ed Kirk a descendent of George and Martha came
home to deliver an able message on coming home. The church was
overflowing with people who had come home for the special service. To
further emphasize the coming home theme, Rev. Freeman took into the
church membership Harry and Alberta Boggan. We were coming home after
being away for five years. In the afternoon most of the time was spent
reading the old church rolls and remembering the various places the
congregation had worshiped in the last one hundred and twenty five
years. It was at this time Mr. Freeman made the statement that he hoped
the stepping-stone could be brought home to its present site. This stone
was used by the ladies of the first church to mount their horses. Mrs.
Branson Shaver of Albemarle attended this homecoming service and wrote
an article entitled 'The Stony Hill Steeping Stone is Coming Home'. The
article was published in the Stanly News and Press. The stone was
brought home in 1954 and placed in front of the church.

Homecoming 1971

These people were members of Stony Hill United Methodist Church for
fifty years or more in 1971.

A picture was made of the five people holding membership of fifty years
or more at this homecoming in 1971. They were listed as the folowing.
Mrs. Mary Frank Shaver a member for 75 years; Mrs. Maude Forrest Lowder,
73 years; Mrs. J. Wayne Smith, 52 years;J.Wayne Smith, 53; Olin Michael,
60 years; and James D. Mauldin, 50 years.

Mary Frank Shaver was born in 1882, joined the church in 1896 at age 14
and died in 1977 at age 95 with with 81 years of church membership.

Maude Forrest Lowder was born in 1887, joined the church in 1898 at age
11 and died in 1974 at age 86 with 76 years of church membership.

Mrs. J. Wayne Smith (Lucille) was born in 1906, joined the church in
1919 at age 13 and died in 1996 at age 90 with 77 years of church
membership.

J. Wayne Smith was born in 1905, joined the church in 1917 at age 12,
and died in 1989 at age 84 with 72 years of church membership.

Olin Michael was born in 1895, joined the church in 1911 at age 16 and
died in 1984 age 89 with 73 years of church membership.

James D. Mauldin was born in 1909, joined the church in 1921 at age 12
and died in 1986 at age 77 with 65 years of church membership.



