                


          STONY 
HILL
UNITED METHODIST CHURCH


Pastor:  "Lanny" Lancaster
Ministers:  THE WHOLE CONGREGATION

August 17, 2008	      Fourteenth Sunday After Pentecost 	          10:45 AM

Prelude and Lighting of the Candles

*Choral Call to Worship:	   "Bless His Holy Name"             Bless His Holy Name             
"Bless the Lord, O my soul, and all that is within me, bless His holy name.  He has 
done great things, He has done great things, He has done great things; bless His holy 
name.  Bless the Lord, O my soul, and all that is within me, bless His Holy name." 

The Christian Greeting
	L: The Lord be with you!   	P: AND ALSO WITH YOU!

Announcements and Passing of the Pew Pads     

Prayer for the Holy Spirit
                                                					
*Hymn of Praise:  154	 "All Hail the Power of Jesus Name"             	Coronation  

*Hymn of Praise:  620 	   "One Bread, One Body"            One Bread, One Body

Psalm Reading:     850	          Psalm 133

Children's Time

Prayers of the People and the Lord's Prayer 

Stewardship Scripture:  (read together): 
	PROVERBS 3:9-10: "Honor the LORD with your wealth, with the first 
fruits of all your crops; then your barns will be filled to overflowing, and your 
vats will brim over with new wine." 

Worship with Our Tithes and Offerings

*Doxology  94     "Praise God from Whom All Blessings Flow"	Lasst Uns Erfreun
			                                 
Choir Anthem                           "'Til the Storm Passes By"                                   Lister                

Scripture 			   Romans 8:31-39 (NRSV)
			 L:  The Word of God for the People of God!
			            P:  THANKS BE TO GOD!

Sermon          What Can Separate Us from the Love Of God?                 Pastor Lanny
 		                    
*Hymn of Dedication    452         "My Faith Looks Up to Thee"                         Olivet
*The altar is always open during the final hymn for prayer or 
making a first time commitment or recommitment to Christ* 

Blessing						                                Pastor Lanny 

*Choral Benediction                             "My Tribute"                                   My Tribute       
"To God be the glory, to God be the glory, to God be the glory for the things He has 
done.  With His blood He has saved me; With his power He has raised me; to God be 
the Glory for the things He has done." 

Postlude										___
*Stand as you are able  
					Serving  Today
Greeters: Wyannette and Greg Caudle  				Sound: Tony Furr
Ushers:	Joe Creech, Barry Mullinix				Piano:  Patty McCormick
Counters: Kay Pope, Jane Burris					Organ: Lois Ray  
Nursery: Vanessa Mullinix, Pam Kiker	 			Pastor: Lanny Lancaster
Acolytes: Casey Lemons, Aaron Hudson assisted by Bonnie Ward

Visitors:  We warmly welcome all visitors today to our church and community!  
Please fill out one of the visitor's cards and place in the offering plate.   You are 
welcome and there is a place for you at Stony Hill!

Pastor Lanny's email address is:	surferlanny@carolina.rr.com
Church's Website: www.stonyhillumc.org

Every Week at Stony Hill 
Sunday	9:45 am Sunday School for all ages;  10:45  Worship   5:30 Youth
Monday	7:15 pm Girl Scouts, Fellowship Hall
Wednesday	8:00 am Breakfast Bunch at Hal's;  7:00 pm Choir 
Thursday	6:30 pm  Cub and Boy Scouts, Fellowship Hall 

Coming Up

August 23	    Albemarle District Annual Meeting of UMW, Stallings UMC
August 23	    Stony Hill UMC Family and Friends Barbeque Chicken Supper,
		    5:00 pm.  See bulletin insert.  
August 27	    Council on Ministries, 7:00 pm	
September 5-7     Annual WNCC UMW Meeting, Lake Junaluska 
October 6	    UMW Salad Supper, World Thank Offering and and Memorial  
		     Memorial Service, 6:30 pm	

UMW Project:  Collection of, or donations for school supplies for our schools.  
Collection box is in the hallway down from the sanctuary.

TRUSTEE'S PROJECT:  Trustees are planning to replace the shrubbery around the 
church.  If you would like to help out, funds are being received, earmarked "In Honor 
of", or "In Memory of" or just "shrubbery."  Checks should be made out to "Stony 
Hill UMC" and may be placed in the offering plate.  
 
Flowers today are given to the glory of God and in loving memory of Robert Lowder 
by Hettie Lowder and family. 























 











 
 
 
 
