

April 20, 2008
5th Sunday after Easter
10:45 a.m.

  PRELUDE AND LIGHTING OF THE CANDLES

*CHORAL CALL TO WORSHIP
"Hallelujah! Praise the Lamb"

	Hallelujah, praise the Lamb! Hallelujah, praise the Lamb!
	My heart sings this song again: Hallelujah, praise the Lamb!

  WELCOME AND ANNOUNCEMENTS

*GREETING

	The Grace of the Lord Jesus Christ be with you. 		And also with you.
	The risen Christ is with us!						Praise the Lord!
*CALL TO WORSHIP

from John 14
Do not let your hearts be troubled. Believe in God, believe also in me. 
In my Father's house there are many dwelling places. 
If it were not so, would I have told you that I go to prepare a place for you? 
And if I go and prepare a place for you, I will come again and will take you to 
myself, so that where I am, there you may be also. 

And you know the way to the place where I am going. I am the way, and the truth, and 
the life. No one comes to the Father except through me. 

If you know me, you will know my Father also. Whoever has seen me has seen the 
Father. 

Very truly, I tell you, the one who believes in me will also do the works that I do and, 
in fact, will do greater works than these, because I am going to the Father.

I will do whatever you ask in my name, so that the Father may be glorified in the 
Son. If in my name you ask me for anything, I will do it. 

*HYMN 577
"God of Grace and God of Glory"
CVM RHONDA



WORSHIP WITH OUR TITHES AND OFFERINGS

*DOXOLOGY 94
"Praise God from Whom All Blessings Flow"
LASST UNS 
ERFREUEN

SPECIAL MUSIC
Casey Lemons and Miranda Furr

PRAYER

Daniel Dickens portrays Judas

*HYMN 545
"The Church's One Foundation"
AURELIA
    *BLESSING:

* CHORAL BENEDICTION
"My Faith Still Holds"
STRONG FAITH
My faith still holds on to the Christ of Calvary, 
O blessed Rock of Ages cleft for me.
I gladly place my trust in things I cannot see. 
My faith still holds on to the Christ of Calvary.


Visitors: Christ is risen. He is risen indeed! We greet those who are visiting with us today 
in the name of our risen Savior. A warm welcome to Stony Hill. We are happy to share 
with you the glory of Jesus' resurrection. Please sign our guest book in the narthex, and 
include your mailing address. There are also guest cards in the pews. Join us again soon!

Daniel Dickens is a 2003 graduate of Pfeiffer University and is an elementary school 
teacher in Stanly County. He is known for his excellence as a pianist, playing for 
weddings, choirs, parties, concerts, benefits, and church services, but his real passion is his 
ministry. He has visited many churches in Stanly County and surrounding areas with 
portrayals of biblical characters, Joseph of Nazareth, Judas, and the Roman Centurion. 
Daniel gives God the glory and thanks for the opportunity to share his music and drama 
with others

Stanly County Christian Ministries: Please bring canned fruit during April for those less 
fortunate. Receptacles are in the narthex and in the hall outside the choir loft.


Shrubbery: Stony Hill is accepting donations toward new shrubbery to enhance the 
beauty of God's house.

Every Week at Stony Hill	www.stonyhillumc.org
Sunday	9:45, Sunday School for all ages; 10:45, Worship; 5:30, Youth
Monday	7:15 pm, Girl Scouts, Fellowship Hall
Tuesday	9:00 am, Bible study on Romans at Barbara Stoker's home
Wednesday	8:00 am, Breakfast Bunch at Hal's; 7:00 pm, Choir
Thursday	6:30 pm, Boy Scouts, Fellowship Hall

							Coming Up
Sun., Apr. 20	10:45 am, Daniel Dickens portrays Judas Iscariot
	2:30-5:30, Lay Speaker Training at Central UMC, Albemarle
Thu., Apr. 24	12:00 pm, District Clergy meeting in Stony Hill fellowship hall
Sun., Apr 27	3-5:00 pm, Christ's Circle "Spiritual Gifts," Part 2, Peachland UMC
Wed., Apr. 30	7:00 pm, Council on Ministries
Sun., May 4		Ascension Sunday
				3-5:00 pm, Christ's Circle "Spiritual Gifts," Part 2, Love's Grove UMC
Sun., May 11	Pentecost, Rural Life Sunday, Festival of the Christian Home
				Special offering for United Methodist retirement homes
Wed., May 28	7:00 pm, Administrative Board meeting
Sun., June 1		10:45 am, Graduation Sunday, 12 noon – covered dish dinner
June 5-8		Annual Conference at Lake Junaluska
June 23-27		Vacation Bible School
Serving Today
Greeters	Vanessa Mullinix, Bonnie Russell		Sound	Spencer Peele
Ushers		Gary Wagoner, Barry Mullinix			Piano	Patty McCormick
Counters	Joe Ingram, Pat Speight				Pastor	Rev. Mary S. Lautensleger
Nursery		Margaret Fields, Loraine Fesperman
Acolytes	Casey Lemons, Aaron Hudson, assisted by Opheila Riggins
Vocalists	Casey Lemons, Miranda Furr

"When you realize you've made a mistake, make amends immediately. 
It's easier to eat crow while it's still warm." ~ Dan Heist









































