
                

                   STONY 
HILL 
   UNITED 
METHODIST 
CHURCH             


Pastor:  "Lanny" Lancaster  
Ministers: The Whole Congregation



November 2, 2008      Twenty-fifth  Sunday After Pentecost         10:45 AM
         7th Sunday of "More than Survivors: What it Takes to Thrive Spiritually"

Prelude and Lighting of the Candles

*Choral Call to Worship:                "Sweet, Sweet Spirit"               Sweet, Sweet Spirit
"There's a sweet, sweet spirit in this place, and I know that it's the Spirit of the Lord. There are sweet 
expressions on each face, and I know they feel the presence of the Lord. Sweet Holy Spirit, sweet 
heavenly Dove, stay right here with us, filling us with your love; and for these blessings we lift our hearts 
in praise; without a doubt we'll know that we have been revived when we shall leave this place."

The Christian Greeting
	    L: The Lord be with you!     	P: AND ALSO WITH YOU!

Announcements and Passing of the Pew Pads     

Prayer for the Holy Spirit
                                                					
*Hymn of Praise:  575             "Onward Christian Soldiers"                       St. Gertrude

*Hymn of Praise:  362                "Nothing but the Blood" 		     Plainfield

The Mission of Stony Hill United Methodist Church is to:
FOLLOW JESUS, MAKE DISCIPLES, AND TRANSFORM THE WORLD

MORE THAN SURVIVORS READING:  (Adapted from Revelation 4:11) 
 Leader: Great is the Lord and most worthy of praise; He is to be feared above all.
People: Great is the Lord and most worthy of praise; his greatness no one can fathom.
	Leader:  I call to the Lord, who is worthy of praise; and I am saved from my enemies. 
   	People: Great is the Lord and most worthy of praise; his greatness no one can fathom.
Leader: You are worthy, our Lord and God, to receive glory and honor and power, for you 
created all things, and by your will they were created and have their being. 
People:  Great is the Lord and most worthy of praise; his greatness no one can fathom.
Leader:  Worthy is the Lamb, who was slain, to receive power and wealth and wisdom and 
strength and honor and glory and praise.
People:  Great is the Lord and most worthy of praise; his greatness no one can fathom.

Children's Time

Prayers of the People and the Lord's Prayer 

Stewardship Scripture:  (read together)	2 Corinthians 9:12 "This service that you 
perform is not only supplying the needs of the Lord's people but is also overflowing in 
many expressions of thanks to God."

Worship with Our Tithes and Offerings

*Doxology  94  "Praise God from Whom All Blessings Flow"   Lasst Uns Erfreun
			                                 
Choir Anthem                    "The Longer I Serve Him"               The Sweeter He Grows
 
Scripture 		Ruth 1:1-18 (NRSV)
        L:  The Word of God for the People of God!           P:  THANKS BE TO GOD!

Sermon		       	           Take the Risk!                                        Pastor  Lanny

Service of Holy Communion   12

*Hymn of Dedication   467                  "Trust and Obey"                       Trust and Obey                    
The altar is always open during the last hymn.
*Blessing 						                         Pastor Lanny

*Choral Benediction                          "Praise the Name of Jesus"	                        Hicks         
"Praise the name of Jesus, Praise the name of Jesus.  He's my Rock, He's my Fortress, He's my 
Deliverer, In Him will I trust.  Praise the name of Jesus."     

Postlude
*Stand as you are able

Serving  Today

Greeters: Dewell Cook, 	Shirley  Medlin           		Sound: Jim Measmer
Ushers: Bobby Mills, Dean Speight 			Piano: Patty McCormick
Counters: Kay Pope, Pam Kiker				Organ: Lois Ray  
Nursery: Gayle Comer, Joe Ingram			Pastor: Lanny Lancaster
Acolytes: Nolan Stamper, Zackary Hudson assisted by Bonnie Ward

                    
 Visitors:  We warmly welcome all visitors today to our church and 
community!  Please fill out one of the visitor's cards and place in the 
offering plate.   You are welcome and there is a place for you at Stony 
Hill!
Pastor Lanny's e-mail address is:	surferlanny@carolina.rr.com
Church's Website: www.stonyhillumc.org
Every Week at Stony Hill 
Sunday         9:45 am Sunday School for all ages; 10:45 Worship;  5:00 Youth
Monday        7:15 pm Girl Scouts, Fellowship Hall
Tuesday        10:00 am and & 7:00 pm: Disciple Bible Study, Fellowship Hall 
Wednesday   8:00 am Breakfast Bunch at Hal's;  7:00 pm Choir 
Thursday       6:30 pm  Cub and Boy Scouts, Fellowship Hall 

"More than Survivors" Sermon Series
Today, Pastor Lanny continues the 8 week sermon series on what it takes to thrive 
spiritually.  Don't miss any Sunday as each week will contain important teaching on 
thriving as a follower of Christ.  If you would like to learn more, do the Scripture 
readings each day listed in the bulletin!

"More than Survivors" Scripture readings for this week:  The focus this week  
is on making soul-conscious choices.
Sunday: Ruth 1:1-18					Monday: Acts 9:10-19 
Tuesday: Genesis 12:1-9	   			Wednesday: 3 John  1-8
Thursday: Hebrews 11:32-40				Friday: Luke 14:25-33
Saturday/Sunday: Hebrews 12:1-13

SCCM NEEDS:  November:  Dry Beans       December:  Canned Meats



































              . 

Coming Up

November 2    Finance Committee, 3:00 pm. (Changed from 10/26)
November 3    Friendship Circle, 7:00 pm 
November 4    Day Circle, 11:30 am
November 8    UMM Breakfast Meeting 7:30 am
November 9    Lay Leadership Committee, 3:00 pm
November 19  Administrative Board Meeting, 7:00 pm
November 23  Community Thanksgiving Service at Stony Hill, 6:00 pm
November 30  1st Sunday of Advent, Hanging of the Greens
December 2	Charge Conference at Palestine UMC, 7:00 pm.  Come and 
celebrate our ministries together!
December 7    Church-wide Christmas Covered Dish Supper, 6:00 pm
.                       Entertainment following supper: Kayla Elisa Cole 

Trustee's Project:  Don't forget the Shrubbery Project.  

Prayer Concerns

Jean Holt, Harold and Christine Hitchcock, the Jeff Helms family, Anna 
Holt, Pastor Lanny and family.  *If you have a prayer concern that you 
would like added or deleted from the list, please call or e-mail Pastor Lanny at 
the parsonage.

The WNCC is again planning to send college age Youth as missionaries to 
Scandinavia & the Baltic states next summer as a continuation of the 
Scandinavian Caravan program of our conference.  The mission runs 4-5 
weeks in the summer.  Information and application can be found on the WNC 
Conference web site.  Deadline for applications is December 15th.

Veterans Day Parade:  sponsored by the Stanly County Veterans Council.
11th Annual  Stanly County Veterans Day Parade
November 11, 2008, 11:00 am
Come, Participate, Support those who fought for your freedom. 


Coming Up

November 2     Finance Committee 3:00 pm. (Changed from 10/26)
November 3     Fellowship Circle, 7:00 pm
November 4     Day Circle, 11:30 am
November 8     UMM Breakfast Meeting  7:30 am
November 9      Lay Leadership Committee 3:00 pm
November 19   Administrative Board Meeting, 7:00 pm
November 23   Community Thanksgiving Service at Stony Hill  6:00 pm
November 20   1st Sunday of Advent, Hanging of the Greens 
December 2	Charge Conference at Palestine UMC,  7:00 pm.  Come and 
celebrate our ministries together! 
December 7     Church-wide Christmas Covered Dish Dinner, 6:00 pm
                                Entertainment following:  Kayla Elisa Cole 

Trustee's Project:  Don't forget the Shrubbery Project.  

Prayer Concerns

Jean Holt, Harold and Christine Hitchcock, the Jeff Helms family, Anna 
Holt, Pastor Lanny and family.  *If you have a prayer concern that you 
would like added or deleted from the list, please call or e-mail Pastor Lanny at 
the parsonage.

The WNCC is again planning to send college age Youth as missionaries to 
Scandinavia & the Baltic states next summer as a continuation of the 
Scandinavian Caravan program of our conference.  The mission runs 4-5 
weeks in the summer.  Information and application can be found on the WNC 
Conference web site.  Deadline for applications is December 15th.

Veterans Day Parade:  sponsored by the Stanly County Veterans Council.
11th Annual  Stanly County Veterans Day Parade
November 11, 2008, 11:00 am
Come, Participate, Support those who fought for your freedom. 
 
 
 
 
