
                

                   STONY 
HILL 
   UNITED 
METHODIST 
CHURCH             


Pastor:  "Lanny" Lancaster  
Ministers: The Whole Congregation



November 16, 2008   Twenty-seventh  Sunday After Pentecost     10:45 AM
         
Prelude and Lighting of the Candles

*Choral Call to Worship:                "Sweet, Sweet Spirit"               Sweet, Sweet Spirit
"There's a sweet, sweet spirit in this place, and I know that it's the Spirit of the Lord. There are sweet 
expressions on each face, and I know they feel the presence of the Lord. Sweet Holy Spirit, sweet 
heavenly Dove, stay right here with us, filling us with your love; and for these blessings we lift our hearts 
in praise; without a doubt we'll know that we have been revived when we shall leave this place."

The Christian Greeting
	    L: The Lord be with you!     	P: AND ALSO WITH YOU!

Announcements and Passing of the Pew Pads     

Prayer for the Holy Spirit
                                                	             
*Hymn of Praise:    369	                       "Blessed Assurance"                          Assurance   

*Hymn of Praise:    171                         "Jesus, Jesus, Jesus"		   That Name

The Mission of Stony Hill United Methodist Church is to:
FOLLOW JESUS, MAKE DISCIPLES, AND TRANSFORM THE WORLD

Children's Time

Prayers of the People and the Lord's Prayer





Stewardship Scripture:  (read together)	
	1 Corinthians 16: 2  "On the first day of every week, each one of you 
should set aside a sum of money in keeping with your income, saving it up, so 
that when I come no collections will have to be made."

Worship with Our Tithes and Offerings

*Doxology  94  "Praise God from Whom All Blessings Flow"   Lasst Uns Erfreun
			                                 
Choir Anthem                     "Majesty, Worship His Majesty"        	                     Majesty
	
 Scripture 		 Hebrews 12:1-13; 28-29  (NRSV)
        L:  The Word of God for the People of God!         P:  THANKS BE TO GOD!

Sermon	          			Look to the Lord	                        Pastor  Lanny

*Hymn of Dedication   370               "Victory in Jesus"                                    Hartford           
The altar is always open during the last hymn.

*Blessing 						                         Pastor Lanny

*Choral Benediction                     "Praise the Name of Jesus"	                        Hicks         
"Praise the name of Jesus, Praise the name of Jesus.  He's my Rock, He's my Fortress, He's my 
Deliverer, In Him will I trust.  Praise the name of Jesus."     

Postlude
*Stand as you are able.

Serving  Today

Greeters: Mike and Martha O'Neill		          	Sound: Tony Furr
Ushers: Harold Holt, Joe Creech 	 		Piano: Sid Fields
Counters: Loraine Fesperman, Sid Fields	 	Organ: Lois Ray  
Nursery: Lynne Terry, Caroline Terry			Pastor: Lanny Lancaster
Acolytes: Jacob and Noah Lancaster assisted by Bonnie Ward
                  
 Visitors:  We warmly welcome all visitors today to our church and 
community!  Please fill out one of the visitor's cards and place in the 
offering plate.   You are welcome and there is a place for you at Stony 
Hill!
Pastor Lanny's e-mail address is:	surferlanny@carolina.rr.com

Church's Website: www.stonyhillumc.org

Every Week at Stony Hill 
Sunday         9:45 am Sunday School for all ages; 10:45 Worship;  5:00 Youth
Monday        7:15 pm Girl Scouts, Fellowship Hall
Tuesday        10:00 am and & 7:00 pm: Disciple Bible Study, Fellowship Hall 
Wednesday   8:00 am Breakfast Bunch at Hal's;  7:00 pm Choir 
Thursday       6:30 pm  Cub and Boy Scouts, Fellowship Hall 

"More than Survivors" Sermon Series
Today, Pastor Lanny continues the 8 week sermon series on what it takes to thrive 
spiritually.  Don't miss any Sunday as each week will contain important teaching on 
thriving as a follower of Christ.  If you would like to learn more, do the Scripture 
readings each day listed in the bulletin!

Scripture readings for this week Hebrews 12:14-29


SCCM NEEDS:  November:  Dry Beans       December:  Canned Meats


Gift to Stony Hill United Methodist Church:  A gift has been given to Stony 
Hill United Methodist Church by the Doris Springer estate.

A big "THANKS" to everyone who helped the Trustees with the 
Shrubbery Project: with time, money, prayers and support!  A job well 
done!   










































Coming Up

November 16    Pastor Parrish Relations Committee, 3:00 pm 
November 19   Administrative Board Meeting, 7:00 pm 
November 23   Community Thanksgiving Service at Stony Hill, 6:00 pm 
November 30	 1st Sunday of Advent, Hanging of the Greens
December 2	 Charge Conference, 7:00 pm, Palestine UMC. Come and 
celebrate our ministries together! 
December 7      Church wide Covered Dish Dinner, 6:00 pm 
	        Entertainment following by Kayla Elysa Cole, Sanctuary




Prayer Concerns
Our new leaders in government, Jeff Helms family, Harold Holt, Harold and 
Christine Hitchcock, Anna Holt, Pastor Lanny and family, Patty McCormick.  
If you have a prayer concern that you would like added or deleted from the list, 
please call or e-mail Pastor Lanny at the parsonage.



Modern Praise and  Worship Service:  Sundays at 5 pm in the Sanctuary 
with modern praise and worship music.  Everyone is invited to come and 
worship the Lord with us!











Coming Up

November 16   Pastor Parrish Relations Committee, 3:00 pm 
November 19   Administrative Board Meeting, 7:00 pm 
November 23   Community Thanksgiving Service at Stony Hill, 6:00 pm 
November 30	 1st Sunday of Advent, Hanging of the Greens
December 2	 Charge Conference, 7:00 pm, Palestine UMC. Come and 
celebrate our ministries together! 
December 7      Church wide Covered Dish Dinner, 6:00 pm 
	        Entertainment following by Kayla Elysa Cole, Sanctuary




Prayer Concerns
Our new leaders in government, Jeff Helms family, Harold Holt, Harold and 
Christine Hitchcock, Anna Holt, Pastor Lanny and family, Patty McCormick.  
If you have a prayer concern that you would like added or deleted from the list, 
please call or e-mail Pastor Lanny at the parsonage.



Modern Praise and Worship Service:  Sundays at 5 pm in the Sanctuary 
with modern praise and worship music.  Everyone is invited to come and 
worship the Lord with us! 
 
 
 
 
