
                

                   STONY 
HILL 
   UNITED 
METHODIST 
CHURCH             


Pastor:  "Lanny" Lancaster  
Ministers: The Whole Congregation



November 9, 2008      Twenty-sixth  Sunday After Pentecost        10:45 AM
         
Prelude and Lighting of the Candles

*Choral Call to Worship:                "Sweet, Sweet Spirit"               Sweet, Sweet Spirit
"There's a sweet, sweet spirit in this place, and I know that it's the Spirit of the Lord. There are sweet 
expressions on each face, and I know they feel the presence of the Lord. Sweet Holy Spirit, sweet 
heavenly Dove, stay right here with us, filling us with your love; and for these blessings we lift our hearts 
in praise; without a doubt we'll know that we have been revived when we shall leave this place."

The Christian Greeting
	    L: The Lord be with you!     	P: AND ALSO WITH YOU!

Announcements and Passing of the Pew Pads     

Prayer for the Holy Spirit
                                                	             
*Hymn of Praise:    536 		        "Precious Name"                          Precious Name
*Hymn of Praise:     496                 "Sweet Hour of  Prayer"                        Sweet Hour

The Mission of Stony Hill United Methodist Church is to:
FOLLOW JESUS, MAKE DISCIPLES, AND TRANSFORM THE WORLD

Children's Time

Prayers of the People and the Lord's Prayer
Recognition of Veterans

Prayer for Veterans' Day
L: Dear Lord, we ask for blessings on all those who have served our country in the armed forces.
P: We ask for healing for the veterans who have been wounded, in body and soul, in conflicts 
around the globe.
L: We pray especially for the young men and women who are coming home from Iraq, Afghanistan and 
other places of service with injured bodies and spirits. 
P: Bring your comfort and healing to them, O Lord, we pray.
L: We continue to pray for peace and look forward to the day
P. When wars will no longer be fought, when we beat our weapons of war into instruments of 
peace.
L: Have mercy on all our veterans from World War II, Korea, Vietnam, Iraq and any other conflicts.
P: Bring peace to their hearts and peace to the regions they fought in.
L: Bless all the soldiers who served in non-combative posts as well;
P:  May their calling to service continue in their lives in many positive ways.
All: Hear our prayer, O Prince of Peace, hear our prayer.  Amen 
[Adapted from a prayer from The Springfield Franciscans]

Stewardship Scripture:  (read together)	1Timothy 6:18-19: "Command them to do 
good, to be rich in good deeds, and to be generous and willing to share.  In this way they 
will lay up treasure for themselves as a firm foundation for the coming age, so that they 
may take hold of the life they is truly life."

Worship with Our Tithes and Offerings

*Doxology  94  "Praise God from Whom All Blessings Flow"   Lasst Uns Erfreun
			                                 
Choir Anthem                    
 
Scripture 		Luke 20:20-26 (NRSV)
        L:  The Word of God for the People of God!           P:  THANKS BE TO GOD!

Sermon	          Now That They've Been Elected, What do We Do?          Pastor  Lanny

*Hymn of Dedication   696              "America the Beautiful"                            Materna               
The altar is always open during the last hymn.
*Blessing 						                         Pastor Lanny

*Choral Benediction                          "Praise the Name of Jesus"	                        Hicks         
"Praise the name of Jesus, Praise the name of Jesus.  He's my Rock, He's my Fortress, He's my 
Deliverer, In Him will I trust.  Praise the name of Jesus."     

Postlude


Serving  Today

Greeters: Cecil and Jill Almond		           		Sound: Spencer Peele
Ushers: Jim Measmer, Paul Currie	 		Piano: Patty McCormick
Counters: Pat Speight, Jane Burris	 		Organ: Lois Ray  
Nursery: Bobby Johnson, Becky Yates			Pastor: Lanny Lancaster
Acolytes: Jasmine Benson, Cortney Germain assisted by Bonnie Ward

                    
 Visitors:  We warmly welcome all visitors today to our church and 
community!  Please fill out one of the visitor's cards and place in the 
offering plate.   You are welcome and there is a place for you at Stony 
Hill!
Pastor Lanny's e-mail address is:	surferlanny@carolina.rr.com

Church's Website: www.stonyhillumc.org

Every Week at Stony Hill 
Sunday         9:45 am Sunday School for all ages; 10:45 Worship;  5:00 Youth
Monday        7:15 pm Girl Scouts, Fellowship Hall
Tuesday        10:00 am and & 7:00 pm: Disciple Bible Study, Fellowship Hall 
Wednesday   8:00 am Breakfast Bunch at Hal's;  7:00 pm Choir 
Thursday       6:30 pm  Cub and Boy Scouts, Fellowship Hall 

"More than Survivors" Sermon Series
Later, Pastor Lanny will continue the 8 week sermon series on what it takes to thrive 
spiritually.  Don't miss any Sunday as each week will contain important teaching on 
thriving as a follower of Christ.  If you would like to learn more, do the Scripture 
readings each day listed in the bulletin!

Scripture readings for this week:  Sunday – Saturday:  1 Timothy 2:1-2 

SCCM NEEDS:  November:  Dry Beans       December:  Canned Meats







































Coming Up

November 9	 Lay Leadership Committee Meeting, 3:00 pm
November 19   Administrative Board Meeting, 7:00 pm 
November 23   Community Thanksgiving Service at Stony Hill, 6:00 pm 
November 30	 1st Sunday of Advent, Hanging of the Greens
December 2	 Charge Conference, 7:00 pm, Palestine UMC. Come and 
celebrate our ministries together! 
December 7      Church wide Covered Dish Dinner, 6:00 pm 
	        Entertainment following by Kayla Elysa Cole, Sanctuary



VETERANS' DAY

Veterans Day has its roots in what was called Armistice Day, 
November 11th when a peace agreement was signed with Germany ending 
World War I.  Armistice Day was established with a proclamation by President 
Woodrow Wilson which reads in part:  "Armistice Day will be filled with 
solemn pride in Heroism of those who died in the country's service and with 
gratitude for the victory, both because of the thing from which it has freed us 
and because of the opportunity it has given America to show her sympathy 
with peace and justice in the council of nations."  On June 1, 1954, Armistice 
Day  was renamed Veterans Day to honor all U.S. Veterans. 
On Veterans Day this year, let us remember and honor those men and 
women who gave of themselves, and let us continue to pray for our men and 
women currently serving in the military.
 
Prayer Concerns
Our new leaders in government, Jeff Helms family, Harold Holt, Harold and 
Christine Hitchcock, Anna Holt, Pastor Lanny and family, Patty McCormick.  
If you have a prayer concern that you would like added or deleted from the list, 
please call or e-mail Pastor Lanny at the parsonage.



Coming Up

November 9	 Lay Leadership Committee Meeting, 3:00 pm
November 19   Administrative Board Meeting, 7:00 pm 
November 23   Community Thanksgiving Service at Stony Hill, 6:00 pm 
November 30	 1st Sunday of Advent, Hanging of the Greens
December 2	 Charge Conference, 7:00 pm, Palestine UMC. Come and 
celebrate our ministries together! 
December 7      Church wide Covered Dish Dinner, 6:00 pm 
	        Entertainment following by Kayla Elysa Cole, Sanctuary



VETERANS' DAY

Veterans Day has its roots in what was called Armistice Day, 
November 11th when a peace agreement was signed with Germany ending 
World War I.  Armistice Day was established with a proclamation by President 
Woodrow Wilson which reads in part:  "Armistice Day will be filled with 
solemn pride in Heroism of those who died in the country's service and with 
gratitude for the victory, both because of the thing from which it has freed us 
and because of the opportunity it has given America to show her sympathy 
with peace and justice in the council of nations."  On June 1, 1954, Armistice 
Day  was renamed Veterans Day to honor all U.S. Veterans. 
On Veterans Day this year, let us remember and honor those men and 
women who gave of themselves, and let us continue to pray for our men and 
women currently serving in the military.
 
Prayer Concerns
Our new leaders in government, Jeff Helms family, Harold Holt, Harold and 
Christine Hitchcock, Anna Holt, Pastor Lanny and family, Patty McCormick.  
If you have a prayer concern that you would like added or deleted from the list, 
please call or e-mail Pastor Lanny at the parsonage.

 
 
 
 
