
                

                   STONY 
HILL 
   UNITED 
METHODIST 
CHURCH             


Pastor:  "Lanny" Lancaster  
Ministers: The Whole Congregation



October 26, 2008        Twenty-forth  Sunday After Pentecost        10:45 AM
         6th Sunday of "More than Survivors: What it Takes to Thrive Spiritually"

Prelude and Lighting of the Candles

*Choral Call to Worship:       "There's Something About That Name"         That Name
"Jesus, Jesus, Jesus! There's just something about that name.  Master, Savior, Jesus! Like the fragrance 
after the rain.  Jesus, Jesus, Jesus! Let all heaven and earth proclaim:  Kings and kingdoms will all pass 
away, But there's something about that name"
 	
The Christian Greeting
	    L: The Lord be with you!     	P: AND ALSO WITH YOU!

Announcements and Passing of the Pew Pads     

Prayer for the Holy Spirit
                                                					
*Hymn of Praise:  159                       "Lift High the Cross"                               Crucifer

*Hymn of Praise:  354                           "I Surrender All" 		     Surrender

Service of Membership in Stony Hill United Methodist Church     33

MORE THAN SURVIVORS READING: 
 Leader: O Lord, our Creator, we cry out to you; come quickly to us!  Hear our voices 
when we call to you! 
People:  may our prayer be set before you like incense; may the lifting up of our  
hands be like the everlasting sacrifice. 
	Leader:  Open our eyes to the many evils that surround us.
   	People: Open our ears so we may hear you.    
Leader: Let not our hearts be drawn to what is evil, to take part in wicked 
deeds with people who are evildoers; let us not eat of their delicacies.  
People:  O lord, help us as your creatures to guard against anything  that 
keeps us from being sensitive to you.  Keep us from self-diminishing 
compromises.  
Leader:  O Lord , our Creator, in you we take refuge.
People:  Praise the Lord!  

Prayers of the People and the Lord's Prayer 

Stewardship Scripture:  (read together)	Acts 2: 44-45 "All believers were together and 
had everything in common.  They sold property and possessions to give to anyone who 
had need." 

Worship with Our Tithes and Offerings

*Doxology  94  "Praise God from Whom All Blessings Flow"   Lasst Uns Erfreun
			                                 
Choir Anthem                       "Mansions Over the Hilltop"                               Stanphill  
                        
Scripture 		Daniel 1:1-20   (NRSV)
        L:  The Word of God for the People of God!           P:  THANKS BE TO GOD!

Sermon		       	              Ax the Excess                                        Pastor  Lanny
 
*Hymn of Dedication   402   "Lord I Want to be a Christian"  I Want to be a Christian                    
The altar is always open during the last hymn.
*Blessing 						                         Pastor Lanny

*Choral Benediction                   "All Hail King Jesus"     	                King Jesus
    "All hail King Jesus!   All hail Emmanuel, King of kings, Lord of lords, bright Morning Star. And 
throughout eternity, I'll sing your praises, and I'll reign with you throughout eternity."

Postlude
*Stand as you are able



Serving  Today

Greeters: Jack and Sherri McRae 	            		Sound: Tony Furr
Ushers: Harold Burris, Dewell Cook  			Piano: Patty McCormick
Counters: Pam Kiker, Joe Ingram			Organ: Lois Ray  
Nursery: Jack McRae, Beth Mills			Pastor: Lanny Lancaster
Acolytes: Casey Lemons, Aaron Hudson assisted by Ophelia Riggins

                    
 Visitors:  We warmly welcome all visitors today to our church and 
community!  Please fill out one of the visitor's cards and place in the 
offering plate.   You are welcome and there is a place for you at Stony 
Hill!
Pastor Lanny's email address is:	surferlanny@carolina.rr.com
Church's Website: www.stonyhillumc.org
Every Week at Stony Hill 
Sunday         9:45 am Sunday School for all ages; 10:45 Worship,  5:30 Youth
Monday        7:15 pm Girl Scouts, Fellowship Hall
Tuesday        10:00 am and & 7:00 pm: Disciple Bible Study, Fellowship Hall 
Wednesday   8:00 am Breakfast Bunch at Hal's;  7:00 pm Choir 
Thursday       6:30 pm  Cub and Boy Scouts, Fellowship Hall 

"More than Survivors" Sermon Series
Today, Pastor Lanny continues the 8 week sermon series on what it takes to thrive 
spiritually.  Don't miss any Sunday as each week will contain important teaching on 
thriving as a follower of Christ.  If you would like to learn more, do the Scripture 
readings each day listed in the bulletin!

"More than Survivors" Scripture readings for this week:  The focus this week  
is on making soul-conscious choices.
Sunday: Daniel 1:1-20 			Monday: Luke 8:4-15
Tuesday: Psalm 137:1-6	   		Wednesday: Matthew 6:19-34
Thursday: Isaiah 55:1-9	    		Friday: Luke 12:13-21
Saturday/Sunday: Ruth 1:1-18 


































              . 




The Mission of Stony Hill United Methodist Church is to Follow Jesus, 
Make Disciples and Transform the World.

Coming Up

October 29 	Council on Ministries Meeting, 7:00 pm  
November 2    Finance Committee, 3:00 pm. (Changed from 10/26)
November 9    Lay Leadership Committee  3:00 pm
November 23  Community Thanksgiving Service at Stony Hill, 6:00 pm
December 2	Charge Conference at Palestine UMC, 7:00 pm.  Come and 
celebrate our ministries together!
. 
Trustee's Project:  Don't forget the Shrubbery Project.  


Prayer Concerns

Alberta Boggan, Steve Smith, Kenneth Stoker, Jean Holt, Harold and 
Christine Hitchcock, Carolyn Helms, Anna Holt, Pastor Lanny and 
family.  *If you have a prayer concern that you would like added or deleted 
from the list, please call or e-mail Pastor Lanny at the parsonage.



The WNCC is again planning to send college age Youth as missionaries to 
Scandinavia & the Baltic states next summer as a continuation of the 
Scandinavian Caravan program of our conference.  The mission runs 4-5 
weeks in the summer.  Information and application can be found on the WNC 
Conference web site.  Deadline for applications is December 15th.







The Mission of Stony Hill United Methodist  Church is to Follow Jesus, 
Make Disciples and Transform the World.

Coming Up

October 29	 Council on Ministries Meeting, 7:00 pm 	
November 2     Finance Committee 3:00 pm. (Changed from 10/26)
November 9     Lay Leadership Committee  3:00 pm
November 23   Community Thanksgiving Service at Stony Hill  6:00 pm
December 2	Charge Conference at Palestine UMC,  7:00 pm.  Come and 
celebrate our ministries together! 

Trustee's Project:  Don't forget the Shrubbery Project.  


Prayer Concerns

Alberta Boggan, Steve Smith, Kenneth Stoker, Jean Holt, Harold and 
Christine Hitchcock, Carolyn Helms, Anna Holt, Pastor Lanny and 
family.  *If you have a prayer concern that you would like added or deleted 
from the list, please call or e-mail Pastor Lanny at the parsonage.



The WNCC is again planning to send college age Youth as missionaries to 
Scandinavia & the Baltic states next summer as a continuation of the 
Scandinavian Caravan program of our conference.  The mission runs 4-5 
weeks in the summer.  Information and application can be found on the WNC 
Conference web site.  Deadline for applications is December 15th.
 
 
 
 
