
                

                   STONY 
HILL 
   UNITED 
METHODIST 
CHURCH             


Pastor:  "Lanny" Lancaster  
Ministers: The Whole Congregation



October 19, 2008      Twenty-third Sunday After Pentecost        10:45 AM
         5th Sunday of "More than Survivors: What it Takes to Thrive Spiritually"

Prelude and Lighting of the Candles

*Choral Call to Worship:       "There's Something About That Name"         That Name
"Jesus, Jesus, Jesus! There's just something about that name.  Master, Savior, Jesus! Like the fragrance 
after the rain.  Jesus, Jesus, Jesus! Let all heaven and earth proclaim:  Kings and kingdoms will all pass 
away, But there's something about that name"
 	
The Christian Greeting
	    L: The Lord be with you!     	P: AND ALSO WITH YOU!

Announcements and Passing of the Pew Pads     

Prayer for the Holy Spirit
                                                					
*Hymn of Praise:  400         "Come Thou Fount of Every Blessing"                Nettleton
*Hymn of Praise:  389                             "Freely, Freely"                         Freely, Freely

Service of Baptism:   33 
MORE THAN SURVIVORS READING:
 Leader:  As we come together for  worship this morning, realize that outside these 
doors are people our Lord loves and desires to become part of this wonderful family!  
People: Lord help us realize these people matter to you!
Leader: Though we are free, we make ourselves slaves to those whom you love.
People: Lord, help us become all things to all people so that by all possible means 
others will come to know you as we do.
Leader: On the day of Pentecost, people from all over the world heard God's good 
news of salvation in their own language.
   	People: Lord, help us learn the language the people whom you love are speaking 
today, so they might hear your message with understanding.
   	Leader: May God teach us that the real ministry of our church takes place outside 
these walls.
   	People: Lord, may we be equipped today to serve you and the people you love in 
the harvest fields you have given us.    
	
Children's Time

Prayers of the People and the Lord's Prayer 

Stewardship Scripture:  (read together): 2 Corinthians 8:1-3a"And now, brothers and 
sisters, we want you to know about the grace that God has given the Macedonian 
churches.  In the midst of a very severe trial, their overflowing joy and their extreme 
poverty welled up in rich generosity.  For I testify that they gave as much as they were 
able, and even beyond their ability.
	
Worship with Our Tithes and Offerings

*Doxology  94  "Praise God from Whom All Blessings Flow"   Lasst Uns Erfreun
			                                 
Choir Anthem                           "What a Day that Will Be"                               Paul Hill                        

Scripture 		     Acts 17:16-24  (NRSV)
        L:  The Word of God for the People of God!           P:  THANKS BE TO GOD!

Sermon		       	  Compliment the Culture	                        Pastor  Lanny
 
*Hymn of Dedication   593              "Here I Am, Lord"                       Here I Am, Lord         
The altar is always open during the last hymn.
*Blessing 						                         Pastor Lanny

*Choral Benediction                   "All Hail King Jesus"     	                King Jesus
    "All hail King Jesus!   All hail Emmanuel, King of kings, Lord of lords, bright Morning Star. And 
throughout eternity, I'll sing your praises, and I'll reign with you throughout eternity."

Postlude

Serving  Today

Greeters: Lorraine Fesperman,  Kay Pope	            Sound: Spenser Peele
Ushers: Mike O'Neill, Darrell Hudson 			Piano: Patty McCormick
Counters: Pam Kiker, Joe Ingram			Organ:   
Nursery: Bonnie Russell, Kathy Johnson			Pastor: Lanny Lancaster
Acolytes: Casey Germaine, Tabitha Peele assisted by Ophelia Riggins

                    
 Visitors:  We warmly welcome all visitors today to our church and 
community!  Please fill out one of the visitor's cards and place in the 
offering plate.   You are welcome and there is a place for you at Stony 
Hill!
Pastor Lanny's email address is:	surferlanny@carolina.rr.com
Church's Website: www.stonyhillumc.org
Every Week at Stony Hill 
Sunday         9:45 am Sunday School for all ages; 10:45 Worship,  5:30 Youth
Monday        7:15 pm Girl Scouts, Fellowship Hall
Tuesday        10:00 am and & 7:00 pm: Disciple Bible Study, Fellowship Hall 
Wednesday   8:00 am Breakfast Bunch at Hal's;  7:00 pm Choir 
Thursday       6:30 pm  Cub and Boy Scouts, Fellowship Hall 

"More than Survivors" Sermon Series
Today, Pastor Lanny continues the 8 week sermon series on what it takes to thrive 
spiritually.  Don't miss any Sunday as each week will contain important teaching on 
thriving as a follower of Christ.  If you would like to learn more, do the Scripture 
readings each day listed in the bulletin!

"More than Survivors" Scripture readings for this week:  The focus this week  
is on making soul-conscious choices.
Sunday:  Acts 17:16-34			Monday: 1 Corinthians 9:19-23   
Tuesday: 1 Peter 3:15-16 	   		Wednesday:  Luke 13:1-5
Thursday: Luke 12:54-56	    		Friday: Colossians 4:2-6 
Saturday/Sunday: Daniel 1:1-20 


































              . 




The Mission of Stony Hill United Methodist Church is to Follow Jesus, 
Make Disciples and Transform the World.



Coming Up

October 19	     Missions Rally, Central UMC, Albemarle, 2:00 pm.  
Celebrating Matthew 25:31-40.  "Hands-on" Ministries.  Personal 
stories and celebrations.  Displays and information.  Stanly County 
United Methodists in mission and service.  Transforming the world for 
Christ.	 
October 29 	Council on Ministries Meeting, 7:00 pm  
November 2    Finance Committee, 3:00 pm. (Changed from 10/26)

December 2	Charge Conference at Palestine UMC, 7:00 pm.  Come and 
celebrate our ministries together!
. 
Trustee's Project:  Don't forget the Shrubbery Project.  

Prayer Concerns

Alberta Boggan, Steve Smith, Kenneth Stoker, Jean Holt, Harold and 
Christine Hitchcock, Carolyn Helms, Anna Holt, Pastor Lanny and 
family.  *If you have a prayer concern that you would like added or deleted 
from the list, please call or e-mail Pastor Lanny at the parsonage.


Pastor Lanny will be at a workshop from Tuesday, 10/21 – Thursday, 10-23. 
Rev. Curtis Goforth (Badin UMC) will be on call: home: 704-422-6955, 
Office: 7 4-422-3333.  If you have an emergency and need to get a message to 
Pastor Lanny, please call the parsonage number:  704-328-2605




The Mission of Stony Hill United Methodist  Church is to Follow Jesus, 
Make Disciples and Transform the World.



Coming Up

October 19	     Missions Rally, Central UMC, Albemarle, 2:00 pm.  
Celebrating Matthew 25:31-40.  "Hands-on" Ministries.  Personal 
stories and celebrations.  Displays and information.  Stanly County 
United Methodists in mission and service.  Transforming the world for 
Christ.	 
October 29	 Council on Ministries Meeting, 7:00 pm 	
November 2     Finance Committee 3:00 pm. (Changed from 10/26)

December 2	Charge Conference at Palestine UMC,  7:00 pm.  Come and 
celebrate our ministries together! 

Trustee's Project:  Don't forget the Shrubbery Project.  

Prayer Concerns

Alberta Boggan, Steve Smith, Kenneth Stoker, Jean Holt, Harold and 
Christine Hitchcock, Carolyn Helms, Anna Holt, Pastor Lanny and 
family.  *If you have a prayer concern that you would like added or deleted 
from the list, please call or e-mail Pastor Lanny at the parsonage.


Pastor Lanny will be at a workshop from Tuesday, 10/21 – Thursday 10/23.  
Rev. Curtis Goforth (Badin UMC) will be on call: home: 704-422-6955, 
Office: 704-422-3333.  If you have an emergency and need to get a message to 
Pastor Lanny, please call the parsonage number: 704-982-2605.   
 
 
 
 
