
                

                   STONY 
HILL 
   UNITED 
METHODIST 
CHURCH             


Pastor:  "Lanny" Lancaster  
Ministers: The Whole Congregation



October 5, 2008	   Twenty-first Sunday After Pentecost        10:45 AM
         4th Sunday of "More than Survivors: What it Takes to Thrive Spiritually"
World Communion Sunday
Prelude and Lighting of the Candles

*Choral Call to Worship:       "There's Something About That Name"         That Name
"Jesus, Jesus, Jesus! There's just something about that name.  Master, Savior, Jesus! Like the fragrance 
after the rain.  Jesus, Jesus, Jesus! Let all heaven and earth proclaim:  Kings and kingdoms will all pass 
away, But there's something about that name"
 	
The Christian Greeting
	    L: The Lord be with you!     	P: AND ALSO WITH YOU!

Announcements and Passing of the Pew Pads     

Prayer for the Holy Spirit
                                                					
*Hymn of Praise:  545                   "The Church's One Foundation"	        Aurelia
 
*Hymn of Praise:  413                       "A Charge to Keep I Have"                    Boylston

MORE THAN SURVIVORS READING:
Leader:  Here the word of our Lord: "Come to me, all you who are weary  and heavy 
burdened, and I will  give you rest.  Take my yoke upon you and learn from me, for I am 
gentle and humble in heart, and you will find rest for your souls.
People: Lord, help us rebuild the sacred walls of Sabbath rest. 
Leader: Now we who have believed enter that rest. 
People: Lord, we come to you after a week of work and strain; help us to reset our souls 
so we might hear your voice this morning.
 Leader:  Remember the Sabbath and keep it holy!  This is God's command. 
People: For anyone who enters God's rest also rests from their own work, just as God did 
from His.
Leader:  Be still and hear the voice of the Lord of the Sabbath as we prepare to come into his 
presence.  (Moment of silence) Hear the word of our Lord: "Come to me all of you who are 
weary and heavy burdened, and I will give you rest.  Take my yoke upon you and learn from 
me, for I am gentle and humble in heart and you will find rest for your souls." 
People: Lord, help us rebuild the sacred walls of Sabbath rest.
  
Children's Time

Prayers of the People and the Lord's Prayer 

Stewardship Scripture:  (read together): Luke 6:38 "Give, and it will be given to you.  A 
good measure pressed down, shaken together and running over, will be poured into your 
lap.  For with the measure you use, it will be measured to you." 
	
Worship with Our Tithes and Offerings

*Doxology  94  "Praise God from Whom All Blessings Flow"   Lasst Uns Erfreun
			                                 
Choir Anthem                    "Let Us Break Bread Together"             Let Us Break Bread                                                  

Scripture 		     Nehemiah 2:11-20; 13:15-22   (NRSV)
        L:  The Word of God for the People of God!           P:  THANKS BE TO GOD!

Sermon		       	Rebuild the Sacred Walls		           Pastor  Lanny
 
Service of Holy Communion     #12       

*Hymn of Dedication   399          "Take My Life and Let It Be"                       Messiah          
The altar is always open during the last hymn.
*Blessing 						                         Pastor Lanny

*Choral Benediction                   "All Hail King Jesus"     	                King Jesus
    "All hail King Jesus!   All hail Emmanuel, King of kings, Lord of lords, bright Morning Star. And 
throughout eternity, I'll sing your praises, and I'll reign with you throughout eternity."

Postlude
Serving  Today

Greeters: Nina Lowder, Bernice Whitley			Sound: Tony Furr
Ushers: Tevis Smith, Robert Stoker			Piano:  Sid Fields
Counters: Pat Speight, Kay Pope			Organ: Lois Ray  
Nursery: Mike O'Neill, Pam Kiker	 		Pastor: Lanny Lancaster
Acolytes:  Jasmine Benson, Courtney Germain assisted by Ophelia Riggins

Flowers today:  are given to the Glory of God and in loving memory of 
                    Clair Ingram by the Anthony Furr family.
 
Visitors:  We warmly welcome all visitors today to our church and 
community!  Please fill out one of the visitor's cards and place in the 
offering plate.   You are welcome and there is a place for you at Stony 
Hill!
Pastor Lanny's email address is:	surferlanny@carolina.rr.com
Church's Website: www.stonyhillumc.org
Every Week at Stony Hill 
Sunday         9:45 am Sunday School for all ages; 10:45 Worship,  5:30 Youth
Monday        7:15 pm Girl Scouts, Fellowship Hall
Tuesday        10:00 am and & 7:00 pm: Disciple Bible Study, Fellowship Hall 
Wednesday   8:00 am Breakfast Bunch at Hal's;  7:00 pm Choir 
Thursday       6:30 pm  Cub and Boy Scouts, Fellowship Hall 

"More than Survivors" Sermon Series
Today, Pastor Lanny continues the 8 week sermon series on what it takes to thrive 
spiritually.  Don't miss any Sunday as each week will contain important teaching on 
thriving as a follower of Christ.  If you would like to learn more, do the Scripture 
readings each day listed in the bulletin!

"More than Survivors" Scripture readings for this week:  The focus this week  
is on making soul-conscious choices.
Sunday:  Nehemiah 2:11-20; 13:15-22   		Monday: Exodus 20:8-11   
Tuesday:  Mark 2:23- 3:6  			       Wednesday: Ezekiel 20:8-20 
Thursday: Isaiah 58:12-14 			           Friday: Matthew 11:28-30
Saturday/Sunday:  Acts 17:16-34





































              . 
Coming Up

October 5	     World Wide Communion Sunday
October 6	     UMW Salad Supper, World Thank Offering and Memorial  
		     Service, 6:30 pm
October 12	     Children's Sabbath
October 12	     PPR  Committee, 3:00 pm	(Changed from 10/5)
October 17	     UMM Pork Barbecue.  See UMM for tickets.   $7.00
October 19	     Missions Rally, Central UMC, Albemarle, 2:00 pm.  
Celebrating Matthew 25:31-40.  "Hands-on" Ministries.  Personal 
stories and celebrations.  Displays and information.  Stanly County 
United Methodists in mission and service.  Transforming the world for 
Christ.	 
October 26	    Finance Committee, 3:00 pm. (Changed from 10/12) 
  
Haiti Relief:  To donate for relief of hurricane ravaged Haiti, send your  
donation to: WNCC Treasurer, P.O. Box 18005, Charlotte, NC  28218
	Note : "Haiti Flood Relief" in the memo.

Trustee's Project:  Don't forget the Shrubbery Project.  

. 

Prayer Concerns

Kenneth Stoker, Sylvia Burris, Jean Holt, Harold and Christine 
Hitchcock, Carolyn Helms, Anna Holt, Pastor Lanny and family.  *If you 
have a prayer concern that you would like added or deleted from the list, please 
call or e-mail Pastor Lanny at the parsonage.







Coming Up

October 5	     World Wide Communion Sunday
October 6	     UMW Salad Supper, World Thank Offering and Memorial  
		     Service, 6:30 pm
October 12	     Children's Sabbath
October 12	     PPR  Committee, 3:00 pm	(Changed from 10/5)
October 17	     UMM Pork Barbecue.  See UMM for tickets.   $7.00
October 19	     Missions Rally, Central UMC, Albemarle, 2:00 pm.  
Celebrating Matthew 25:31-40.  "Hands-on" Ministries.  Personal 
stories and celebrations.  Displays and information.  Stanly County 
United Methodists in mission and service.  Transforming the world for 
Christ.	 
October 26	    Finance Committee, 3:00 pm. (Changed from 10/12) 
  
Haiti Relief:  To donate for relief of hurricane ravaged Haiti, send your  
donation to: WNCC Treasurer, P.O. Box 18005, Charlotte, NC  28218
	Note : "Haiti Flood Relief" in the memo.

Trustee's Project:  Don't forget the Shrubbery Project.  

. 

Prayer Concerns

Kenneth Stoker, Sylvia Burris, Jean Holt, Harold and Christine 
Hitchcock, Carolyn Helms, Anna Holt, Pastor Lanny and family.  *If you 
have a prayer concern that you would like added or deleted from the list, please 
call or e-mail Pastor Lanny at the parsonage.



 
 
 
 
