
May 25, 2008
2nd Sunday after Pentecost
10:45 a.m.

PRELUDE AND LIGHTING OF THE CANDLES

*CHORAL CALL TO WORSHIP
"He Is Here"
Kirk Talley
	He is here, hallelujah, he is here, amen! 
	He is here, holy, holy, I will bless his name again. 
	He is here, listen closely, hear him calling out your name.
	He is here you can touch him. You will never be the same

WELCOME, ANNOUNCEMENTS, AND PASSING OF PEW PADS

*GREETING
UMC Worship Resources
	Grace and peace be with you, my brothers and sisters!
	Grace and peace be with you also.

*CALL TO WORSHIP

UMC Worship Resources
	The spirit of violence seeks to cloak our world in darkness, defining the "other" as 
enemy, justifying fear and destruction of life.
	But the flame of peace refuses to be extinguished.
	Tears, pain, grief, and loss unite us, forming us into one family wrapped in the 
warmth of God's spirit.
	The flame of peace calls us to remember, to join into one community all who 
have been affected by war.
	We remember those who have died, those injured and those who have lived but are 
haunted by memories, those who shed tears and live in grief because of the loss of 
loved ones, those who have fought and those who have protested.
	We come asking for peace to prevail on earth among all people everywhere.

*HYMN  158

"Come, Christians Join to Sing"
SPANISH HYMN
*PRAYER

UMC Worship Resources
Almighty God, we pray for the poor in spirit, those who mourn, the meek, those 
who hunger and thirst for righteousness, the merciful, the pure in heart, and the 
peacemakers. We pray for those who are victimized by domestic violence, 
poverty, racism, sexism, ageism, and every form of injustice in our society. Help 
us to hear the cries of people who lose their loved ones from violence, war, 
poverty, and injustice. Help us to be peacemakers for your people. Amen.


CHILDREN'S TIME
Lynne Terry

WORSHIP WITH OUR TITHES AND OFFERINGS

*DOXOLOGY 94
"Praise God from Whom All Blessings Flow"
LASST UNS ERFREUEN

CHOIR ANTHEM


PRAYER FOR ILLUMINATION  6

Lord, open our hearts and minds by the power of your Holy Spirit, that, as the 
Scriptures are read and your Word proclaimed, we may hear with joy what you 
say to us today. Amen.

SCRIPTURE LESSON
Philippians 2 5-11
This is the Word of God for the people of God.	Thanks be to God.

SERMON

Pat Mills
*HYMN  420
"Breathe on Me, Breath of God"
TRENTHAM
*THE APOSTLES' CREED
7
I believe in God, the Father Almighty, creator of heaven and earth.
I believe in Jesus Christ, his only Son, our Lord, who was conceived by The 
Holy Spirit, born of the Virgin Mary, suffered under Pontius Pilate, was crucified, 
died and was buried: he descended to the dead. On the third day he rose again: he 
ascended into heaven, is seated at the right hand of the Father, and will come again 
to judge the living and the dead. 
I believe in the Holy Spirit, the holy catholic church, the communion of saints, 
the forgiveness of sins, the resurrection of the body, and the life everlasting. Amen.

PRAYERS OF THE PEOPLE

*HYMN 545

"The Church's One Foundation"
AURELIA
*BLESSING 11

* CHORAL BENEDICTION
"I Love You, Lord"
Laurie Klein
	I love you, Lord, and I lift my voice to worship you, O my soul, rejoice!
	Take joy, my king, in what you hear; May it be a sweet, sweet sound in your ear.

Visitors: A warm welcome to Stony Hill. Please sign our guest book in the narthex, and 
include your mailing address. There are also guest cards in the pews. Join us again soon!

Stanly County Christian Ministries: Please bring soup and crackers during June for 
those less fortunate. Receptacles are in the narthex and in the hall outside the choir loft.

If we are serious about peace, then we must work for it as ardently, seriously, 
continuously, carefully, and bravely as we have ever prepared for war.- Wendell Berry

Bless those who persecute you; bless and do not curse them. Rejoice with those who 
rejoice, weep with those who weep. Live in harmony with one another; do not be 
haughty, but associate with the lowly; do not claim to be wiser than you are. Do not 
repay evil for evil, but take thought for what is noble in the sight of all. If it is possible, so 
far as it depends on you, live peaceably with all. - Romans 12:14-18

Every Week at Stony Hill	www.stonyhillumc.org
Sunday	9:45, Sunday School for all ages; 10:45, Worship; 5:30, Youth
Monday	7:15 pm, Girl Scouts, Fellowship Hall
Wednesday	8:00 am, Breakfast Bunch at Hal's; 7:00 pm, Choir
Thursday	6:30 pm, Boy Scouts, Fellowship Hall

							Coming Up
Wed., May 28	7:00 pm, Administrative Board meeting
Sun., June 1		10:45 am, Graduation Sunday, 12 noon – covered dish dinner
Mon., June 2	7:00 pm, Friendship Circle in the choir room
June 5-8		Annual Conference at Lake Junaluska
Jun., 13-15		UMW Spiritual Growth Retreat at Lake Junaluska
Sat., June 21	7:30 am, UMMen breakfast meeting
June 23-27		Vacation Bible School

Serving Today
Greeters	Mary and Hilton Butler				Sound	Tony Furr
Ushers		Joe Creech, Jim Measmer				Piano	Patty McCormick
Counters	Jane Burris, Pam Kiker				Pastor	Rev. Mary S. Lautensleger
Nursery		Carolyn and Lynne Terry				Speaker	Pat Mills
Liturgist	Barbara Stoker
Acolytes	Nolan Stamper, Zachary Hudson, assisted by Bonnie Ward









































