
May 18, 2008
United Methodist Heritage Sunday
10:45 a.m.

PRELUDE AND LIGHTING OF THE CANDLES

WELCOME, ANNOUNCEMENTS, AND PASSING OF PEW PADS

*GREETING
from Wesley's Covenant Service, 1780
	Christ is the source of all salvation to those who obey.
	Christ will have no servants except by consent.
*CALL TO WORSHIP

from The Journal of John Wesley, May 24, 1738 
	In the evening I went very unwillingly to a society in Aldersgate Street, where one 
was reading Luther's preface to the Epistle to the Romans.

	About a quarter before nine, while the leader was describing the change which 
God works in the heart through faith in Christ, I felt my heart strangely 
warmed.

	I felt I did trust in Christ alone for salvation; and an assurance was given me that he 
had taken away my sins, even mine, and saved me from the law of sin and death.

	Come, believers, and faithful ones, sing your alleluias to God!

*HYMN  57
"O For a Thousand Tongues to Sing"
AZMON

COVENANT PRAYER
John Wesley
	I am no longer my own, but thine. Put me to what thou wilt, rank me with whom 
	thou wilt; Put me to doing, put me to suffering. Let me be employed by thee or 
	laid aside for thee, exalted for thee or brought low by thee. Let me be full, let me 
	be empty. Let me have all things, let me have nothing. I freely and heartily yield 
	all things to thy pleasure and disposal. And now, O glorious and blessed God, 
	Father, Son and Holy Spirit, thou art mine, and I am thine. So be it. And the 
	covenant which I have made on earth, let it be ratified in heaven. Amen. 

WORSHIP WITH OUR TITHES AND OFFERINGS

*DOXOLOGY 94
"Praise God from Whom All Blessings Flow"
LASST UNS ERFREUEN

PRAYER FOR ILLUMINATION  6


Lord, open our hearts and minds by the power of your Holy Spirit, that, as the 
Scriptures are read and your Word proclaimed, we may hear with joy what you 
say to us today. Amen.

SCRIPTURE LESSON

Romans 8:18-31
This is the Word of God for the people of God.	Thanks be to God.

			The Story of Hymn Writer Fanny J. Crosby		Henry Springer

*HYMN  369
"Blessed Assurance"
ASSURANCE

				Story of the Circuit Riders				Barry Mullinix

*HYMN  591
"Rescue the Perishing"
RESCUE

				History of Stony Hill Church				Tevis Smith

				Our Founder, John Wesley				Pastor Mary

*HYMN  98
"To God Be the Glory"
TO GOD BE THE GLORY
*OUR SOCIAL CREED
Book of Discipline, Paragraph 166
	We believe in God, Creator of the world; and in Jesus Christ, the Redeemer 
of creation. We believe in the Holy Spirit, through whom we acknowledge God's 
gifts, and we repent of our sin in misusing these gifts to idolatrous ends.
 
	We affirm the natural world as God's handiwork and dedicate ourselves to 
its preservation, enhancement, and faithful use by humankind. 

	We joyfully receive for ourselves and others the blessings of community, 
sexuality, marriage, and the family.
 
	We commit ourselves to the rights of men, women, children, youth, young 
adults, the aging, and people with disabilities; to improvement of the quality of life; 
and to the rights and dignity of racial, ethnic, and religious minorities.
 
	We believe in the right and duty of persons to work for the glory of God and the 
good of themselves and others and in the protection of their welfare in so doing; in 
the rights to property as a trust from God, collective bargaining, and responsible 
consumption; and in the elimination of economic and social distress.
 
	We dedicate ourselves to peace throughout the world, to the rule of justice and 
law among nations, and to individual freedom for all people of the world.
 
	We believe in the present and final triumph of God's Word in human affairs 
and gladly accept our commission to manifest the life of the gospel in the world. 
Amen. 

A Liturgy of Dedication for the Stony Hill Marker at Morrow Mountain State Park

Today we seek God's blessing as we gather with thankfulness to set apart the stone which 
marks the original site of Stony Hill United Methodist Church.

Jesus has said, "On this rock I will build my church."

Our heritage is dear to us, and we are thankful for all those who have gone before us to 
prepare the way for our congregation.

We know that "Built on a Rock the Church Shall Stand."

We give thanks for the one who gave this marker and for the countless ones who have 
made our house of worship possible.

The stone which the builders rejected has become the cornerstone.

We have come together to dedicate and consecrate this stone today,

As we give thanks to God for our great Christian heritage. Amen.

*HYMN  710
"Faith of Our Fathers"
ST. CATHERINE
*BLESSING 11

* CHORAL BENEDICTION
"I Love You, Lord"
Laurie Klein
	I love you, Lord, and I lift my voice to worship you, O my soul, rejoice!
	Take joy, my king, in what you hear; May it be a sweet, sweet sound in your ear.

Visitors: A warm welcome to Stony Hill. We are happy to share with you the glory of 
Jesus' resurrection. Please sign our guest book in the narthex, and include your mailing 
address. There are also guest cards in the pews. Join us again soon!

Stanly County Christian Ministries: Please bring toiletries during May for those less 
fortunate. Receptacles are in the narthex and in the hall outside the choir loft.

Serving Today
Greeters	Nina Lowder, Bernice Whitley			Sound	Spencer Peele
Ushers		Richard Lautensleger, Bobby Mills		Piano	Patty McCormick
Counters	Kay Pope, Joe Ingram					Pastor	Rev. Mary S. Lautensleger
Nursery		Angie Peele and Pam Kiker			Bell Ringer	Kenneth Stoker
Lector		Becky Yates							Organist	Lois Ray
Acolytes	Casey Lemons, Aaron Hudson, assisted by Bonnie Ward






































