                

                   STONY 
HILL 
   UNITED 
METHODIST 
CHURCH             

Pastor:  "Lanny" Lancaster  
Ministers: The Whole Congregation




December 13, 2009                   Third Sunday of Advent                 10:45 AM
           
Prelude and Lighting of the Candles

*Choral Call to Worship                 Spirit of the Living God                              Iverson  
@ Moody Bible Institute 1935  ccli 1338458 
Spirit of the living God, fall afresh on me. Spirit of the living God, fall afresh on me. 
Melt me, mold me, fill me, use me. Spirit of the living God, fall afresh on me.

The Christian Greeting:        L. The Lord Be With You!         P:  And Also with You!

Welcome, Announcements and Passing of the Pew Pads 
        
Prayer for the Holy Spirit                  

Hymn of Praise    220    Angels from the Realms of Glory                      Regent Square
Hymn of Praise    221     In the Bleak Midwinter                                              Cranham

Third Sunday of Advent Reading                                                  Lay Reader: Pat Mills
L:  Isaiah 35:10  "and those the Lord has rescued will return.  They will enter 
Zion with singing; everlasting joy will crown their heads.  Gladness and joy 
will overtake them, and sorrow and sighing will flee away."
P:  We light this candle as a symbol of Christ our Joy.  May the Joyful promise of 
your presence, O God, make us rejoice in our hope of salvation.    O come, O 
come, Emmanuel."

The  Mission  of  Stony  Hill United  Methodist  Church  is  to:  FOLLOW    JESUS,
MAKE DISCIPLES, AND TRANSFORM THE WORLD.
Service of Membership in the United Methodist Church  # 33 

Children's Story

Prayers of the People 

Stewardship Scripture: 2 Corinthians 8:2-3a: "In the midst of a very severe trial, 
their overflowing joy and their extreme poverty welled up in rich generosity.   
For I testify that they gave as much as they were able, even beyond their ability."

Worship with Our Tithes and Offerings

*Doxology 94        Praise God from Whom All Blessings Flow        Lasst Uns Erfreun

Anthem                                    The Birthday of a King                                   Neidlinger                          

Scripture Reading:     Luke 2:1-20
         L. The Word of God for the People of God!      P. Thanks be to God!

Sermon                                  The Greatest Gift        	                         Pastor Lanny

*Hymn of Dedication    245  The First Noel                                                    First Noel
The altar is always open during the last hymn

Blessing

*Choral Benediction                                Emmanuel                                            Iverson
@1976 DA Music  cccli # 1334588
Emmanuel, Emmanuel, His name is called Emmanuel;
God with Us, revealed in us; His name is called Emmanuel;
Postlude
*  Stand as you  are able_________________________________________________

Serving  Today

Greeters: Angie Peele, Ophelia Riggins 	                          	Sound: Jim Measmer
Ushers:  Paul Currie, Rick Stamper			Piano: Patty McCormick
Counters:  Pat Speight, Sid Fields			Organ: Lois Ray  	  
Nursery: Margaret Fields				Pastor: Lanny Lancaster
Acolytes: Aaron Hudson, Zackary Hudson assisted by Becki Stamper
Projection System: Jacob Lancaster 
Every Week at Stony Hill
Sunday         9:45 am Sunday School for all ages; 10:45 am Worship
                     5:00 Pioneer Club, Junior Youth, and Senior Youth meet each week  
                     6:07 pm  " the 607 " Contemporary Praise & Worship Service
Monday        7:15 pm  Girl Scouts, Fellowship Hall
Tuesday     10: 00 am Disciple 2   
Wednesday   8:00 am  Breakfast Bunch at Hal's;  7:00 pm Choir 
Thursday       6:30 pm  Cub and Boy Scouts, Fellowship Hall 

SCCM NEEDS:  December – Canned Fruit

Visitors:  We warmly welcome all visitors today to our church and community!  
Please fill out one of the visitor's cards and place in the offering plate.   
You are welcome and there is a place for you at Stony Hill!

Prayer Concerns 
"Experiencing God" the Lay Witness Mission, April 23-25, 2010;  Rusty Fesperman,  Dean 
Speight, Jimmy Burris, Jean and Harold Holt, Grace Dorsey, Bobby Johnson,  Pastor Lanny, 
Janet and family.  
Shut-ins: Alberta Boggan, Pauline Davis, Robbie Fesperman, Dick Mills, Edith Mills, Deane 
Mullinix, Ruby Murray, Eunice Plyler, Helen Smith, Kate Swaringen.  *If you have a prayer 
concern that you would like added or deleted from the list, please call or e-mail Pastor Lanny. 

The poinsettias are placed in the church to the glory of God by the Adult Sunday 
School Classes.

New Sermon Series: Why are we here?  What is our purpose in life?  If you've ever 
wondered, then Pastor Lanny's new teaching series on The Purpose Driven Life is for 
you!  It starts on Sunday, January 10.  If you would like to study along at home, we 
recommend you get a copy of  The Purpose Driven Life  by Rick Warren at the 
Albemarle Christian Book Store or online through our church's virtual bookstore. (Go 
to www.stonyhillumc.org and click on the "Virtual Bookstore" link on the right.)  start 
reading week one on Sunday, January 3, 2010.

Christmas Cantata presented by the Stony Hill Choir:  Sunday, December  20 at 
10:45 am.

Children's Christmas  Program:  Sunday, December 20 at  7:00 pm.

Christmas Eve Communion Service: Thursday, December 24 at 7:00 pm









































Announcements continued…


CONFIRMATION CLASSES: START ON Sunday, January 10 at 3:00 pm.  If 
you have a child or youth that is at least 12 years old and has not taken confirmation 
classes, please call or e-mail the church office to register them.  It is a wonderful time 
for youth to explore  their faith!


MISSION TRIP to Florida, February 21-26.  Informational meeting on Tuesday, 
January 5 at 7:00 pm.  Contact Pastor Lanny for more information.


The "607" Sunday evening service: will meet tonight. Greeters: Christine and Lee 
Smith 

Bible Study on The Purpose Driven Life begins Tuesday, January 12 at 7:00 pm.

Did you know that Pastor Lanny writes a weekly devotion that can be e-mailed to you 
each week?  It is also posted on our Church's website:  www.stonyhillumc.org, then 
select Pastor Lancaster and then "Devotions by Lanny."   If you would like to receive 
this via e-mail, call or e-mail Pastor Lanny and you will be added to the list.  

Special thanks to Kay Mills and all who helped with our new church directory.

*The U.S. Census Bureau is now accepting applications for census enumerators for 
the upcoming census in our area.  If you are interested, go to: 
www.2010censusjobs.gov , or call the local census office in Concord at 704-886-
5840.


An Invitation to our Congregation:
	The children of Oneida Earnhardt Wyatt are hosting a Drop-In  Celebration 
for their Mother's 90th Birthday from 2-5 pm at the Rosebriar Restaurant on Sunday, 
December 20, 2009.  No gifts!  They have requested you bring something to place in a 
scrapbook for her: a picture, drawing, etc.  to showcase her activities and influence in 
your life.  For more information, see the  Invitation posted on a bulletin board in the 
hallway. 


Announcements continued…


CONFIRMATION CLASSES: START ON Sunday, January 10 at 3:00 pm.  If 
you have a child or youth that is at least 12 years old and has not taken confirmation 
classes, please call or e-mail the church office to register them.  It is a wonderful time 
for youth to explore  their faith!


MISSION TRIP to Florida, February 21-26.  Informational meeting on Tuesday, 
January 5 at 7:00 pm.  Contact Pastor Lanny for more information.


The "607" Sunday evening service: will meet tonight. Greeters: Christine and Lee 
Smith 

Bible Study on The Purpose Driven Life begins Tuesday, January 12 at 7:00 pm.

Did you know that Pastor Lanny writes a weekly devotion that can be e-mailed to you 
each week?  It is also posted on our Church's website:  www.stonyhillumc.org, then 
select Pastor Lancaster and then "Devotions by Lanny."   If you would like to receive 
this via e-mail, call or e-mail Pastor Lanny and you will be added to the list.  

Special thanks to Kay Mills and all who helped with our new church directory.

*The U.S. Census Bureau is now accepting applications for census enumerators for 
the upcoming census in our area.  If you are interested, go to: 
www.2010censusjobs.gov , or call the local census office in Concord at 704-886-
5840.


An Invitation to our Congregation:
	The children of Oneida Earnhardt Wyatt are hosting a Drop-In  Celebration 
for their Mother's 90th Birthday from 2-5 pm at the Rosebriar Restaurant on Sunday, 
December 20, 2009.  No gifts!  They have requested you bring something to place in a 
scrapbook for her: a picture, drawing, etc.  to showcase her activities and influence in 
your life.  For more information, see the  Invitation posted on a bulletin board in the 
hallway. 
 
 
 
 
