                

                   STONY 
HILL 
   UNITED 
METHODIST 
CHURCH             

Pastor:  "Lanny" Lancaster  
Ministers: The Whole Congregation




December 6, 2009                   Second Sunday of Advent                10:45 AM
           
Prelude and Lighting of the Candles

*Choral Call to Worship                              Emmanuel                                        Iverson
@1976 DA Music  cccli # 1334588
Emmanuel, Emmanuel, His name is called Emmanuel;
God with Us, revealed in us; His name is called Emmanuel;
The Christian Greeting:        L. The Lord Be With You!      P:  And Also with You!

Welcome, Announcements and Passing of the Pew Pads 
        
Prayer for the Holy Spirit                  

Second Sunday of Advent Reading                                     Lay Reader: Barbara Stoker
L:  Mark 1:4: "And so John the Baptist appeared in the wilderness, preaching a 
baptism of repentance for the forgiveness of sins."

P:  We light this candle as a symbol of Christ our Hope.  May the light sent from 
God shine in the darkness to show us the way of salvation.  O come, O come, 
Emmanuel."

Hymn of Praise    213    Lift Up Your Heads, Ye Mighty Gates                            Truro
Hymn of Praise    217    Away in a Manger                                                         Murray

The  Mission  of  Stony  Hill United  Methodist  Church  is  to:  FOLLOW    JESUS,
MAKE DISCIPLES, AND TRANSFORM THE WORLD.

Children's Story

Prayers of the People 

Stewardship Scripture: Luke 6:38 "Give and it will be given to you.  A good 
measure, pressed down, shaken together and running over, will be poured into 
you lap.  For with the measure you use, it will be measured to you."
 
Worship with Our Tithes and Offerings

*Doxology 94        Praise God from Whom All Blessings Flow        Lasst Uns Erfreun

Anthem                                   How Great Our Joy                                Stony Hill Choir

Scripture Reading:     Genesis 46:1-7
         L. The Word of God for the People of God!      P. Thanks be to God!

Sermon                            The Journey Continues…         	            Pastor Lanny

Service of Holy Communion 12

*Hymn of Dedication    218  It Came Upon the Midnight Clear                            Carol         
The altar is always open during the last hymn

Blessing

*Choral Benediction               Spirit of the Living God
@ Moody Bible Institute 1935  ccli 1338458 
Spirit of the living God, fall afresh on me. Spirit of the living God, fall afresh on me. 
Melt me, mold me, fill me, use me. Spirit of the living God, fall afresh on me.
Postlude
*  Stand as you  are able_________________________________________________
Serving  Today
Greeters: Bonnie & Adrienne Ward	                            		Sound: Yusef Craig
Ushers:  Dean Springer, Barry Mullinix			Piano: Patty McCormick
Counters:  Loraine Fesperman, Joe Ingram			Organ: Lois Ray  	  
Nursery: Bonnie Ward					Pastor: Lanny Lancaster
Acolytes: Noah & Jacob Lancaster assisted by Becki Stamper
Projection System: Grant Kiker
Communion Assistants: Ricky Stamper, Sylvia Randle, Bernice Whitley
Every Week at Stony Hill
Sunday         9:45 am Sunday School for all ages; 10:45 am Worship
                     5:00 Pioneer Club, Junior Youth, and Senior Youth meet each week  
                     6:07 pm  " the 607 " Contemporary Praise & Worship Service
Monday        7:15 pm  Girl Scouts, Fellowship Hall
Tuesday       10 am Disciple 2   
Wednesday   8:00 am  Breakfast Bunch at Hal's;  7:00 pm Choir 
Thursday       6:30 pm  Cub and Boy Scouts, Fellowship Hall 

SCCM NEEDS:  December – Canned Fruit

Visitors:  We warmly welcome all visitors today to our church and community!  
Please fill out one of the visitor's cards and place in the offering plate.   
You are welcome and there is a place for you at Stony Hill!

Prayer Concerns 
"Experiencing God" the Lay Witness Mission, April 23-25, 2010;  Carolyn Helms, 
Dean Speight, Jimmy Burris, Jean and Harold Holt, Grace Dorsey, Bobby Johnson,  
Pastor Lanny, Janet and family.  
Shut-ins: Alberta Boggan, Pauline Davis, Robbie Fesperman, Dick Mills, Edith Mills, 
Deane Mullinix, Ruby Murray, Eunice Plyler, Helen Smith, Kate Swaringen.  *If you 
have a prayer concern that you would like added or deleted from the list, please call or 
e-mail Pastor Lanny. 

"New Beginnings"  Pastor Lanny completes a teaching/sermon series on the book of 
Genesis.   Finish Genesis this week at home!  Scripture for the week:  Genesis, 
chapters: 46 – 50.

The poinsettias are placed in the church to the glory of God by the Adult Sunday 
School Classes.

New Sermon Series: Why are we here?  What is our purpose in life?  If you've ever 
wondered, then Pastor Lanny's new teaching series on The Purpose Driven Life is for 
you!  It starts on Sunday, January 10.  If you would like to study along at home, we 
recommend you get a copy of  The Purpose Driven Life  by Rick Warren at the 
Albemarle Christian Book Store or online through our church's virtual bookstore. (Go 
to www.stonyhillumc.org and click on the "Virtual Bookstore" link on the right.)  start 
reading week one on Sunday, January 3, 2010.








































Announcements continued…


December 12:  A Day of Giving, sponsored  by the Welcome SS class.  We will be 
receiving donations of food, clothing, coats etc. for you needy.  Monetary donations 
can be given also.  Items will be collected the week of December 7-12. 

  
Christmas Eve Communion Service: Thursday, December 24 at 7:00 pm


CONFIRMATION CLASSES: START ON Sunday, January 10 at 3:00 pm.  If 
you have a child or youth that is at least 12 years old and has not taken confirmation 
classes, please call or e-mail the church office to register them.  It is a wonderful time 
for youth to explore  their faith!


MISSION TRIP to Florida, February 21-26.  Informational meeting on Tuesday, 
January 5 at 7:00 pm.  Contact Pastor Lanny for more information.


The "607" Sunday evening service: will not meet  tonight. 


Tonight:  Church-wide Covered Dish Supper, 6:00 pm, Program 7:00 pm


Christmas Cantata presented by the Stony Hill Choir:  Sunday, December  20 at 
10:45 am.


Children's Christmas  Program:  Sunday, December 20 at  7:00 pm.


Did you know that Pastor Lanny writes a weekly devotion that can be e-mailed to you 
each week?  It is also posted on our Church's website:  www.stonyhillumc.org, then 
select Pastor Lancaster and then "Devotions by Lanny."   If you would like to receive 
this via e-mail, call or e-mail Pastor Lanny and you will be added to the list.  


Announcements continued…


December 12:  A Day of Giving, sponsored  by the Welcome SS class.  We will be 
receiving donations of food, clothing, coats etc. for you needy.  Monetary donations 
can be given also.  Items will be collected the week of December 7-12. 

  
Christmas Eve Communion Service: Thursday, December 24 at 7:00 pm


CONFIRMATION CLASSES: START ON Sunday, January 10 at 3:00 pm.  If 
you have a child or youth that is at least 12 years old and has not taken confirmation 
classes, please call or e-mail the church office to register them.  It is a wonderful time 
for youth to explore  their faith!


MISSION TRIP to Florida, February 21-26.  Informational meeting on Tuesday, 
January 5 at 7:00 pm.  Contact Pastor Lanny for more information.


The "607" Sunday evening service: will not meet  tonight. 


Tonight:  Church-wide Covered Dish Supper, 6:00 pm, Program 7:00 pm


Christmas Cantata presented by the Stony Hill Choir:  Sunday, December  20 at 
10:45 am.


Children's Christmas  Program:  Sunday, December 20 at  7:00 pm.


Did you know that Pastor Lanny writes a weekly devotion that can be e-mailed to you 
each week?  It is also posted on our Church's website:  www.stonyhillumc.org, then 
select Pastor Lancaster and then "Devotions by Lanny."   If you would like to receive 
this via e-mail, call or e-mail Pastor Lanny and you will be added to the list.
 
 
 
 
