
                

                   STONY 
HILL 
   UNITED 
METHODIST 
CHURCH             


Pastor:  "Lanny" Lancaster  
Ministers: The Whole Congregation



February 22, 2009                      Transfiguration Sunday               10:45 AM

Prelude and Lighting of the Candles

*Choral Call to Worship "Holy Spirit Thou Art Welcome"  Thou Art Welcome   
"Holy Spirit, Thou art welcome in this place.  Holy Spirit, Thou art welcome in this place.  
Omnipotent Father of mercy and grace, Thou art welcome in this place."
 
The Christian Greeting
  		L. The Lord be with you!       P:  And also with you!

Announcements and Passing of the Pew Pads

Prayer for the Holy Spirit

*Hymn of Praise:    73                  "O Worship the King"                          Lyons
*Hymn of Praise:  110        "A Mighty Fortress in our God"       Ein Feste Burg
    
The Mission of Stony Hill United Methodist Church is to:  FOLLOW JESUS, 
MAKE DISCIPLES, AND TRANSFORM THE WORLD

Psalm Reading   783	                Psalm 50                      Lay Reader: Pam Kiker

Service of Holy Baptism and Membership in the Church  # 33

Children's Time

Prayers of the People and the Lord's Prayer  #895

Stewardship Scripture: (read together) Matthew 6:24 "No one can serve two 
masters.  Either you will hate the one and love the other, or you will be 
devoted to the one and despise the other.  You cannot serve both God and 
money."

Worship with Our Tithes and Offerings
*Doxology 94   "Praise God from Whom All Blessings Flow"    Lasst Uns Erfreun 

Choir Anthem                            "Restore My Soul"                             Lister

Scripture Reading:          John 5:1-15
L. The Word of God for the People of God!          P. Thanks be to God!

Sermon 		       Healing at the Pool                              Pastor Lanny

*Hymn of Dedication  558               "We are the Church"                  Port Jervis
The altar is always open during the last hymn.
*Blessing							            

*Choral Benediction                      "My Tribute"                                      Crouch
"To God be the glory, to God be the glory, to God be the glory for the things he has done.  
With his blood he has saved me; with his power he has raised me;
to God be the glory for the things he has done."
Postlude 
* Stand as you are able
Serving Today
Greeters: Greg & Wyannette Caudle			Sound: Tony Furr
Ushers:  Cecil Almond, Hilton Butler			Piano: Patty McCormick
Counters: Pat Speight, Gary Wagoner	 		Organ: Lois Ray
Nursery:  	  					Pastor: Lanny Lancaster
Acolytes: Jasmine Benson, Zachary Hudson assisted by Bonnie Ward 

Visitors:  We warmly welcome all visitors today to our church and community!  
Please fill out one of the visitor's cards and place in the offering plate.   You are 
welcome and there is a place for you at Stony Hill!

Pastor Lanny's e-mail address is:	surferlanny@carolina.rr.com
Church's Website: www.stonyhillumc.org
Every Week at Stony Hill 
Sunday         9:45 am Sunday School for all ages; 10:45am Worship;  
                     5:35 pm  " the 535 " : Contemporary Praise & Worship Service
Monday        7:15 pm Girl Scouts, Fellowship Hall
Tuesday        Disciple Bible Study,  will not meet this week
Wednesday   8:00 am Breakfast Bunch at Hal's;  7:00 pm Choir 
Thursday       6:30 pm  Cub and Boy Scouts, Fellowship Hall 

SCCM NEEDS:  March:  

Prayer Concerns

The Harold Hitchcock family, Glen Statler, Billy Smith, our new government leaders 
Pastor Lanny and family.  If you have a prayer concern that you would like added or 
deleted from the list, please call or e-mail Pastor Lanny at the parsonage.

Coming Up

February 22  Mission Trip Meeting, Just after worship service today
February 22  Worship Committee Meeting 3:00 pm
February 25  Ash Wednesday Service, 7:00 pm
March 4  Day Circle meets at  11:30 am.  Lunch provided. 
March 21  Hands-on outreach to our community.  Volunteers needed to deliver 
outreach materials, make lunch bags at SCCM,   address appreciation letters, etc.


"the 535": MODERN   PRAISE  AND  WORSHIP   GATHERING 
Sundays at  5:35 pm in the Sanctuary with live band playing modern praise and 
worship music.  Prayer, brief message from the Bible.  Everyone is invited to 
come and worship the Lord with us.
Greeter for February 22, 2009: Valerie Putnam 






































Scripture for the week:  John 5:16-8:11



WHO IS JESUS?

Pastor Lanny  continues the  Sermon Series on the gospel of John.    There's no 
shortage of opinions about who Jesus is.  Some say he was just a good teacher 
or a leader of a political revolution.   Some say he was a victim.  Some say he 
was crazy.  But Jesus' followers know that Jesus is something much more: HE 
IS LORD AND SAVIOR OF THE WORLD!  Come each Sunday as we 
explore who Jesus is as revealed in the gospel of John, continuing next 
Sunday!  

Check Out:  "Lanny's Lyrics," a spiritual journal on the church's web 
site.


Flowers are placed on the altar today to the glory of God and in memory 
of Wayne Furr on the anniversary of his 43rd birthday by 
the Anthony Furr family.  















Scripture for the week:  John 5:16-8:11



WHO IS JESUS?

Pastor Lanny  continues the  Sermon Series on the gospel of John.    There's no 
shortage of opinions about who Jesus is.  Some say he was just a good teacher 
or a leader of a political revolution.   Some say he was a victim.  Some say he 
was crazy.  But Jesus' followers know that Jesus is something much more: HE 
IS LORD AND SAVIOR OF THE WORLD!  Come each Sunday as we 
explore who Jesus is as revealed in the gospel of John, continuing next 
Sunday!  

Check Out:  "Lanny's Lyrics," a spiritual journal on the church's web 
site.


Flowers are placed on the altar today to the glory of God and in memory 
of Wayne Furr on the anniversary of his 43rd birthday by 
the Anthony Furr family.  

 
 
 
 
