
                

                   STONY 
HILL 
   UNITED 
METHODIST 
CHURCH             


Pastor:  "Lanny" Lancaster  
Ministers: The Whole Congregation



February 1, 2009              4th Sunday after the Epiphany              10:45 AM
         
Prelude and Lighting of the Candles

*Choral Call to Worship "Holy Spirit Thou Art Welcome"  Thou Art Welcome   
"Holy Spirit, Thou art welcome in this place.  Holy Spirit, Thou art welcome in this place.  
Omnipotent Father of mercy and grace, Thou art welcome in this place."
 
The Christian Greeting
  		L. The Lord be with you!       P:  And also with you!

Announcements and Passing of the Pew Pads

Prayer for the Holy Spirit

*Hymn of Praise:  64                    "Holy, Holy, Holy!"                            Nicaea

*Hymn of Praise:  496                "Sweet Hour of Prayer"                 Sweet Hour

The Mission of Stony Hill United Methodist Church is to:  FOLLOW JESUS, 
MAKE DISCIPLES, AND TRANSFORM THE WORLD

Psalm Reading   832	            Psalm 111                Lay Reader:   Becki Stamper

Children's Time

Prayers of the People and the Lord's Prayer   # 895

Stewardship Scripture: (read together)  Matthew 6:33 "But seek first his 
kingdom and his righteousness, and all these things will be given to you as 
well."

Worship with Our Tithes and Offerings

*Doxology 94    "Praise God from Whom All Blessings Flow"     Lasst Uns Erfreun
			                                 
Anthem                                         "I Call Him Lord"                                Rambo            

Scripture Reading:          John 3:1-21
L. The Word of God for the People of God!            P. Thanks be to God!

Sermon 		            Born Again                                      Pastor Lanny

Service of Communion    12

*Hymn of Dedication  128             "He Leadeth Me"                  He Leadeth Me
The altar is always open during the last hymn.
*Blessing							            

*Choral Benediction                      "My Tribute"                                      Crouch
"To God be the glory, to God be the glory, to God be the glory for the things he has done.  
With his blood he has saved me; with his power he has raised me;
to God be the glory for the things he has done."
Postlude 
*Stand as you are able	
Serving Today
Greeters:  Dinky & Drinda Hathcock			Sound: Tony Furr
Ushers:  Clarence Mills, David Mills			Piano: Patty McCormick
Counters:  Kaye Pope, Jane Burris			Organ: Lois Ray
Nursery:  	  					Pastor: Lanny Lancaster
Acolytes: Jasmine Benson, Tabitha Peele assisted by Bonnie Ward 

Visitors:  We warmly welcome all visitors today to our church and community!  
Please fill out one of the visitor's cards and place in the offering plate.   You are 
welcome and there is a place for you at Stony Hill!

Pastor Lanny's e-mail address is:	surferlanny@carolina.rr.com

Church's Website: www.stonyhillumc.org
Every Week at Stony Hill 
Sunday         9:45 am Sunday School for all ages; 10:45am Worship;  
                     5:35 pm  " the 535 " : Contemporary Praise & Worship Service
Monday        7:15 pm Girl Scouts, Fellowship Hall
Tuesday        Disciple Bible Study, 10:00 am & 7:00 pm, Fellowship Hall 
Wednesday   8:00 am Breakfast Bunch at Hal's;  7:00 pm Choir 
Thursday       6:30 pm  Cub and Boy Scouts, Fellowship Hall 

SCCM NEEDS:  February: Canned Beans (pintos, navy, black eye, etc.) 

Prayer Concerns
The Joe Hinson family, the Walt Smith family, Becki Stamper, Glen Statler, Billy 
Smith, Eli Fields, Edith Matheney, Henry Springer, the Joe McIntyre family, Harold 
and Jean Holt, Harold and Christine Hitchcock, Pastor Lanny and family,  and our 
new leaders in government.  If you have a prayer concern that you would like added 
or deleted from the list, please call or e-mail Pastor Lanny at the parsonage.

Coming Up

February 1     Soup-er Bowl Sunday:  If you would like to give a donation to Stanly
                       Christian Ministries, mark your donation "SCCM SOUPER BOWL"      
February 1     Acolyte Training,  3 pm, in the Sanctuary	
February 2     The UMW Friendship Circle invites all women of the church to the  
                       7:00 pm meeting.  Anne Myers will be sharing her experiences from 
                        a medical mission trip she took to India.  She is a retired teacher and is   
                        who has a dynamic Christian witness.    
February 3      Day Circle meets at 11:30 am in the Fellowship Hall.  Lunch provided.
February 8      District Leadership Conference, 2:30-5:30 pm, Bethany UMC for all                            
	          members of PPR and those taking the Christ's Circle training.
February 11    CARE Team is a team of caring church members who commit to visit,
                    pray with and reach out to those who are hurting in our church.  6:30 pm


                        


































ANNOUNCEMENTS

Disciple next week:  Meets on Thursday, February 5, not Tuesday. 
Evening class meets in the Choir Room.
 
Worship Committee Meeting:  Sunday February 22, 3:00 pm in the New 
Beginnings Classroom.

You are invited:  Bridal shower honoring Staci Comer, Saturday, 2/21/09, 
from 12:00 to 2:00 pm in the Fellowship Hall.             

Check Out:  "Lanny's Lyrics," a spiritual journal on the church's web 
site.

"the 535": MODERN   PRAISE  AND  WORSHIP   GATHERING 
Sundays at  5:35 pm in the Sanctuary with live band playing modern praise and 
worship music.  Prayer, brief message from the Bible.  Everyone is invited to 
come and worship the Lord with us.
Greeters for February 1, 2009: Bobby and Kathy Johnson

WHO IS JESUS?
Pastor Lanny  continues the  Sermon Series on the gospel of John.     There's 
no shortage of opinions about who Jesus is.  Some say he was just a good 
teacher or a leader of a political revolution.   Some say he was a victim.  Some 
say he was crazy.  But Jesus' followers know that Jesus is something much 
more: HE IS LORD AND SAVIOR OF THE WORLD!  Come each Sunday as 
we explore who Jesus is as revealed in the gospel of John, beginning next 
Sunday!  

Scripture for the Week

John 2:12-3:21

Flowers are placed on the altar today to the glory of God and in honor of 
Harold and Jean Holt's 59th Wedding Anniversary by 
Tevis and Ellen Smith
ANNOUNCEMENTS

Disciple next week:  Meets on Thursday, February 5, not Tuesday. 
Evening class meets in the Choir Room.

Worship Committee Meeting:  Sunday February 22, 3:00 pm in the New 
Beginnings Classroom.

You are invited:  Bridal shower honoring Staci Comer, Saturday, 2/21/09, 
from 12:00 to 2:00 pm in the Fellowship Hall.             

Check Out:  "Lanny's Lyrics," a spiritual journal on the church's web 
site.

"the 535": MODERN   PRAISE  AND  WORSHIP   GATHERING 
Sundays at  5:35 pm in the Sanctuary with live band playing modern praise and 
worship music.  Prayer, brief message from the Bible.  Everyone is invited to 
come and worship the Lord with us.
Greeters for February 1, 2009: Bobby and Kathy Johnson

WHO IS JESUS?
Pastor Lanny  continues the  Sermon Series on the gospel of John.     There's 
no shortage of opinions about who Jesus is.  Some say he was just a good 
teacher or a leader of a political revolution.   Some say he was a victim.  Some 
say he was crazy.  But Jesus' followers know that Jesus is something much 
more: HE IS LORD AND SAVIOR OF THE WORLD!  Come each Sunday as 
we explore who Jesus is as revealed in the gospel of John, beginning next 
Sunday!  

Scripture for the Week

John 2:12- 3:21

Flowers are placed on the altar today to the glory of God and in honor of 
Harold and Jean Holt's 59th Wedding Anniversary by 
Tevis and Ellen Smith
 
 
 
 
