
                

                   STONY 
HILL 
   UNITED 
METHODIST 
CHURCH             


Pastor:  "Lanny" Lancaster  
Ministers: The Whole Congregation



February 8, 2009       5th Sunday after Epiphany Sunday             10:45 AM
Presentation of Colors and Pledge of Allegiance
Boy Scout Report: Steve
Cub Scout Report: Tommy          
Prelude and Lighting of the Candles: Garrett, Douglas, Camden & Joe

*Choral Call to Worship "Holy Spirit Thou Art Welcome"  Thou Art Welcome   
"Holy Spirit, Thou art welcome in this place.  Holy Spirit, Thou art welcome in this place.  
Omnipotent Father of mercy and grace, Thou art welcome in this place."
 
The Christian Greeting
  		L. The Lord be with you!       P:  And also with you!
Announcements and Passing of the Pew Pads

Prayer for the Holy Spirit

*Hymn of Praise:  697                          "America"                                 America
*Hymn of Praise:  717            "Battle Hymn of the Republic"                  Howe
    
The Mission of Stony Hill United Methodist Church is to:  FOLLOW JESUS, 
MAKE DISCIPLES, AND TRANSFORM THE WORLD

Psalm Reading   859	            Psalm 147                Lay Reader:    Mike O'Neill
Bible Reading:  Tigers

Song: "Jesus Loves Me"                                                    Tigers, Bears, Wolves
Ross on Trumpet, Daniel Benoy, Piano

Opening Prayer: Sioux Indian Prayer, Carson
The Scout Oath: Boy Scouts, Chris Synder
The Cub Scout Promise and Law of the Pack:  All leaders and Cub Scouts
Prayer of the Day and The Lord's Prayer:  Webelos
Children's  Time:  Jacob Faggart, Scout
Song:       "He's Got the Whole World in His Hands"         Cub and Boy Scouts

Stewardship Scripture: (read together)  Matthew 6:33 "But seek first his 
kingdom and his righteousness, and all these things will be given to you as 
well."

Worship with Our Tithes and Offerings: 2 Cubs, Camden and Joe

*Doxology 95           "Praise God from Whom All Blessings Flow"         Old 100th
Prayer: Boy Scout: Collin	                                 

Choir Anthem              "Wonderful Grace of Jesus"                 Wonderful Grace                          
Prayer for Illumination 6: Cub Scout: Brad

Scripture Reading:          John 4:7-30, 39-42
L. The Word of God for the People of God!          P. Thanks be to God!

Sermon 		            Living Water                                    Pastor Lanny
The Apostle's Creed:  881

*Hymn of Dedication  696             "America the Beautiful"                  Materna
The altar is always open during the last hymn.
*Blessing							            

*Choral Benediction                      "My Tribute"                                      Crouch
"To God be the glory, to God be the glory, to God be the glory for the things he has done.  
With his blood he has saved me; with his power he has raised me;
to God be the glory for the things he has done."
Postlude 
Serving Today
Greeters:  Paul and Betty Currie				Sound: Jim Measmer
Ushers:  Camden and Joe				Piano: Patty McCormick
Counters:  Pam Kiker, Sid Fields			Organ: Lois Ray
Nursery:  	  					Pastor: Lanny Lancaster
Acolytes: 2 Cub Scouts assisted by Bonnie Ward 

Visitors:  We warmly welcome all visitors today to our church and community!  
Please fill out one of the visitor's cards and place in the offering plate.   You are 
welcome and there is a place for you at Stony Hill!

Pastor Lanny's e-mail address is:	surferlanny@carolina.rr.com
Church's Website: www.stonyhillumc.org
Every Week at Stony Hill 
Sunday         9:45 am Sunday School for all ages; 10:45am Worship;  
                     5:35 pm  " the 535 " : Contemporary Praise & Worship Service
Monday        7:15 pm Girl Scouts, Fellowship Hall
Tuesday        Disciple Bible Study, 10:00 am & 7:00 pm, Fellowship Hall 
Wednesday   8:00 am Breakfast Bunch at Hal's;  7:00 pm Choir 
Thursday       6:30 pm  Cub and Boy Scouts, Fellowship Hall 

SCCM NEEDS:  February: Canned Beans (pintos, navy, black eye, etc.) 

Prayer Concerns
Max Lowder, the Joe Hinson, Walt Smith, and Joe McIntyre families, Becki Stamper, 
Glen Statler, Billy Smith, Eli Fields, Edith Matheney,  Harold and Jean Holt, Harold 
and Christine Hitchcock, Pastor Lanny and family,  and our new leaders in 
government.  If you have a prayer concern that you would like added or deleted from 
the list, please call or e-mail Pastor Lanny at the parsonage.

Coming Up

February 8    District Leadership Conference, 2:30-5:30 pm, Bethany UMC for all                            
	        members of PPR and those taking the Christ's Circle training.
February 11  CARE Team is a team of caring church members who commit to visit,
                     pray with and reach out to those who are hurting in our church.  6:30 pm
February 18  Council on Ministries Meeting, 7:00 pm
February 22  Worship Committee Meeting 3:00 pm
February 25  Ash Wednesday Service, 7:00 pm
                        







































You are invited:  Bridal shower honoring Staci Comer, Saturday, 2/21/09, 
from 12:00 to 2:00 pm in the Fellowship Hall.             


Check Out:  "Lanny's Lyrics," a spiritual journal on the church's web 
site.


"the 535": MODERN   PRAISE  AND  WORSHIP   GATHERING 
Sundays at  5:35 pm in the Sanctuary with live band playing modern praise and 
worship music.  Prayer, brief message from the Bible.  Everyone is invited to 
come and worship the Lord with us.
Greeters for February 8, 2009: Lee and Christine Smith


WHO IS JESUS?
Pastor Lanny  continues the  Sermon Series on the gospel of John.    There's no 
shortage of opinions about who Jesus is.  Some say he was just a good teacher 
or a leader of a political revolution.   Some say he was a victim.  Some say he 
was crazy.  But Jesus' followers know that Jesus is something much more: HE 
IS LORD AND SAVIOR OF THE WORLD!  Come each Sunday as we 
explore who Jesus is as revealed in the gospel of John, continuing next 
Sunday!  


Scripture for the Week

John 3:22-4:30


Flowers are placed on the altar today to the glory of God and in honor of 
Scout Sunday by the Scouts.




You are invited:  Bridal shower honoring Staci Comer, Saturday, 2/21/09, 
from 12:00 to 2:00 pm in the Fellowship Hall.             


Check Out:  "Lanny's Lyrics," a spiritual journal on the church's web 
site.


"the 535": MODERN   PRAISE  AND  WORSHIP   GATHERING 
Sundays at  5:35 pm in the Sanctuary with live band playing modern praise and 
worship music.  Prayer, brief message from the Bible.  Everyone is invited to 
come and worship the Lord with us.
Greeters for February 8, 2009: Lee and Christine Smith


WHO IS JESUS?
Pastor Lanny  continues the  Sermon Series on the gospel of John.    There's no 
shortage of opinions about who Jesus is.  Some say he was just a good teacher 
or a leader of a political revolution.   Some say he was a victim.  Some say he 
was crazy.  But Jesus' followers know that Jesus is something much more: HE 
IS LORD AND SAVIOR OF THE WORLD!  Come each Sunday as we 
explore who Jesus is as revealed in the gospel of John, continuing next 
Sunday!  


Scripture for the Week

John 3:22-4:30


Flowers are placed on the altar today to the glory of God and in honor of 
Scout Sunday by the Scouts.
 
 
 
 
