
                

                   STONY 
HILL 
   UNITED 
METHODIST 
CHURCH             


Pastor:  "Lanny" Lancaster  
Ministers: The Whole Congregation



February 15, 2009       6th Sunday after Epiphany Sunday           10:45 AM

Prelude and Lighting of the Candles

*Choral Call to Worship "Holy Spirit Thou Art Welcome"  Thou Art Welcome   
"Holy Spirit, Thou art welcome in this place.  Holy Spirit, Thou art welcome in this place.  
Omnipotent Father of mercy and grace, Thou art welcome in this place."
 
The Christian Greeting
  		L. The Lord be with you!       P:  And also with you!

Announcements and Passing of the Pew Pads

Prayer for the Holy Spirit

*Hymn of Praise:  569      "We've A Story to Tell to the Nations"        Message 
*Hymn of Praise:  156             "I Love to Tell the Story"                        Hankey
    
The Mission of Stony Hill United Methodist Church is to:  FOLLOW JESUS, 
MAKE DISCIPLES, AND TRANSFORM THE WORLD

Psalm Reading   832	            Psalm 111                   Lay Reader:  Gayle Comer

Children's Time

Prayers of the People and the Lord's Prayer  #895

United Methodist Women's Award

Stewardship Scripture: (read together)  Matthew 6:33 "But seek first his 
kingdom and his righteousness, and all these things will be given to you as 
well."

Worship with Our Tithes and Offerings
*Doxology 94   "Praise God from Whom All Blessings Flow"    Lasst Uns Erfreun 

Choir Anthem          "The Longer I Serve Him"             The Sweeter He Grows                          

Scripture Reading:          Matthew 28:16-20
L. The Word of God for the People of God!          P. Thanks be to God!

Sermon 		       A Heart for Jesus                                   Beverly Hill

Special Gift Presentation

*Hymn of Dedication  593          "Here I Am, Lord"                 Here I Am, Lord
The altar is always open during the last hymn.
*Blessing							            

*Choral Benediction                      "My Tribute"                                      Crouch
"To God be the glory, to God be the glory, to God be the glory for the things he has done.  
With his blood he has saved me; with his power he has raised me;
to God be the glory for the things he has done."
Postlude 
Serving Today
Greeters:  Phyllis Huneycutt, Sylvia Burris		Sound: Spencer Peele
Ushers:  Steve Lemons, David Eash			Piano: Sid Fields
Counters:  Loraine Fesperman, Joe Ingram 		Organ: Lois Ray
Nursery:  	  					Pastor: Lanny Lancaster
Acolytes: Aaron Hudson, Cortney Germain assisted by Bonnie Ward 

Visitors:  We warmly welcome all visitors today to our church and community!  
Please fill out one of the visitor's cards and place in the offering plate.   You are 
welcome and there is a place for you at Stony Hill!

Pastor Lanny's e-mail address is:	surferlanny@carolina.rr.com
Church's Website: www.stonyhillumc.org
Every Week at Stony Hill 
Sunday         9:45 am Sunday School for all ages; 10:45am Worship;  
                     5:35 pm  " the 535 " : Contemporary Praise & Worship Service
Monday        7:15 pm Girl Scouts, Fellowship Hall
Tuesday        Disciple Bible Study, 10:00 am & 7:00 pm, Fellowship Hall 
Wednesday   8:00 am Breakfast Bunch at Hal's;  7:00 pm Choir 
Thursday       6:30 pm  Cub and Boy Scouts, Fellowship Hall 

SCCM NEEDS:  February: Canned Beans (pintos, navy, black eye, etc.) 

Prayer Concerns
The Max Lowder, Joe Hinson, Walt Smith, and Joe McIntyre families, Becki Stamper, 
Glen Statler, Billy Smith,  Harold and Christine Hitchcock, Pastor Lanny and family,  
and our new leaders in government.  If you have a prayer concern that you would like 
added or deleted from the list, please call or e-mail Pastor Lanny at the parsonage.

Coming Up

February 18  Council on Ministries Meeting, 7:00 pm
February 22  Worship Committee Meeting 3:00 pm
February 25  Ash Wednesday Service, 7:00 pm
March 21      Hands-on outreach to our community.  More information to follow.                        

You are invited:  Bridal shower honoring Staci Comer, Saturday, 2/21/09, 
from 12:00 to 2:00 pm in the Fellowship Hall.             


"the 535": MODERN   PRAISE  AND  WORSHIP   GATHERING 
Sundays at  5:35 pm in the Sanctuary with live band playing modern praise and 
worship music.  Prayer, brief message from the Bible.  Everyone is invited to 
come and worship the Lord with us.
Greeters for February 15, 2009: Sid and Margaret Fields 





































WHO IS JESUS?

Pastor Lanny  continues the  Sermon Series on the gospel of John.    There's no 
shortage of opinions about who Jesus is.  Some say he was just a good teacher 
or a leader of a political revolution.   Some say he was a victim.  Some say he 
was crazy.  But Jesus' followers know that Jesus is something much more: HE 
IS LORD AND SAVIOR OF THE WORLD!  Come each Sunday as we 
explore who Jesus is as revealed in the gospel of John, continuing next 
Sunday!  

Check Out:  "Lanny's Lyrics," a spiritual journal on the church's web 
site.


Flowers are placed on the altar today to the glory of God and in 
recognition of United Methodist Women's Sunday.
 
 
 
 
