
                

                   STONY HILL 
   UNITED METHODIST CHURCH             


Pastor:  "Lanny" Lancaster  
Ministers: The Whole Congregation



January 25, 2009             3rd Sunday after the Epiphany              10:45 AM
         
Prelude and Lighting of the Candles

*Choral Call to Worship "Holy Spirit Thou Art Welcome"  Thou Art Welcome   
"Holy Spirit, Thou art welcome in this place.  Holy Spirit, Thou art welcome in this place.  Omnipotent Father of mercy and grace, Thou art welcome in this place."
 
The Christian Greeting
  		L. The Lord be with you!       P:  And also with you!

Announcements and Passing of the Pew Pads

Prayer for the Holy Spirit

*Hymn of Praise:  569   'We've a Story to Tell to the Nations"            Message                 

*Hymn of Praise     77              "How Great thou Art"                 How Great Thou Art

The Mission of Stony Hill United Methodist Church is to:  FOLLOW JESUS, MAKE DISCIPLES, AND TRANSFORM THE WORLD

Psalm Reading   787	           Psalm 62:5-12                Lay Reader: Lynne Terry 

Children's Time

Prayers of the People and the Lord's Prayer   # 895

Stewardship Scripture: (read together)  I Chronicles 29:14 "But who am I, and who are my people, that we should be able to give as generously as this?  Everything comes from you, and we have given you only what comes from your hand."

Worship with Our Tithes and Offerings

*Doxology 94    "Praise God from Whom All Blessings Flow"     Lasst Uns Erfreun			                                 
Anthem                         "Joy Comes in the Morning"                              Gaither              

Scripture Reading:          John 1:1-14
L. The Word of God for the People of God!            P. Thanks be to God!

Sermon 		              Who is Jesus?                                Pastor Lanny

*Hymn of Dedication   110  "A Mighty Fortress is Our God"     Ein' Fest Burg                
The altar is always open during the last hymn.
*Blessing							            

*Choral Benediction                      "My Tribute"                                      Crouch
"To God be the glory, to God be the glory, to God be the glory for the things he has done.  With his blood he has saved me; with his power he has raised me;
to God be the glory for the things he has done."

Postlude 
*Stand as you are able	

Serving Today

Greeters:  Loraine Fesperman, Margaret Fields		Sound: Spencer Peele
Ushers:  Tom Fesperman, Bill Randle			Piano: Patty McCormick
Counters:  Gary Wagoner, Loraine Fesperman		Organ: Lois Ray
Nursery:  	  					Pastor: Lanny Lancaster
Acolytes: Aaron Hudson, Zackary Hudson assisted by Ophelia Riggins

Visitors:  We warmly welcome all visitors today to our church and community!  Please fill out one of the visitor's cards and place in the offering plate.   You are welcome and there is a place for you at Stony Hill!


Pastor Lanny's e-mail address is:	surferlanny@carolina.rr.com
Church's Website: www.stonyhillumc.org
Every Week at Stony Hill 
Sunday         9:45 am Sunday School for all ages; 10:45am Worship;  
                     5:35 pm  " the 535 " : Contemporary Praise & Worship Service
Monday        7:15 pm Girl Scouts, Fellowship Hall
Tuesday        Disciple Bible Study, 10:00 am & 7:00 pm, Fellowship Hall 
Wednesday   8:00 am Breakfast Bunch at Hal's;  7:00 pm Choir 
Thursday       6:30 pm  Cub and Boy Scouts, Fellowship Hall 

SCCM NEEDS:  January:  Peanut Butter

Prayer Concerns
The Joe Hinson family, the Walt Smith family, Becki Stamper, Glen Statler, Billy Smith, Eli Fields, Edith Matheney, Henry Springer, the Joe McIntyre family, Christy, Harold and Jean Holt, Harold and Christine Hitchcock, Pastor Lanny and family,  and our new leaders in government.  If you have a prayer concern that you would like added or deleted from the list, please call or e-mail Pastor Lanny at the parsonage.

Coming Up

January 25       Interested in joining the Church?  Brief informational meeting
                        following the 10:45 am service.	
January 25      The Stanly County YMCA  invites everyone to a prayer service,     
                        "Stanly County Prays,"  3 pm today, at the Agri-Civic Center.
January 28      Administrative Board Meeting, 7:00 pm
February 1      Soup-er Bowl Sunday:  Bring a can of soup.  We are collecting soup  
                        for the Stanly Christian Ministries.  If you bring Campbell soup, it will 
                        have a double benefit as the labels are redeemable for mission outreach 
                        through the United Methodist Church.
February 1      Acolyte Training,  3 pm, in the Sanctuary		    
February 11    CARE Team is a team of caring church members who commit to visit,
                    pray with and reach out to those who are hurting in our church.  6:30 pm

                        




































Announcements

Worship Committee Meeting:  Sunday February 22, 3:00 pm in the New Beginnings Classroom

Check Out:  "Lanny's Lyrics," a spiritual journal on the church's web site.


"the 535": MODERN   PRAISE  AND  WORSHIP   GATHERING Sundays at  5:35 pm in the Sanctuary with live band playing modern praise and worship music.  Prayer, brief message from the Bible.  Everyone is invited to come and worship the Lord with us.
Greeters for January 25, 2009: Tony and Frances Furr


WHO IS JESUS?

A Sermon Series on the gospel of John starts today, January 25, 2009!  There's no shortage of opinions about who Jesus is.  Some say he was just a good teacher or a leader of a political revolution.   Some say he was a victim.  Some say he was crazy.  But Jesus' followers know that Jesus is something much more: HE IS LORD AND SAVIOR OF THE WORLD!  Come each Sunday as we explore who Jesus is as revealed in the gospel of John, beginning next Sunday!  

Scripture for the Week

John 1-2:11
??

??

??

??

