
                

                   STONY 
HILL 
   UNITED 
METHODIST 
CHURCH             


Pastor:  "Lanny" Lancaster  
Ministers: The Whole Congregation



March 1, 2009                             First Sunday in Lent                     10:45 AM

Prelude and Lighting of the Candles

*Choral Call to Worship          "Bless His Holy Name"             Bless His Name
"Bless the Lord, O my soul, and all that is within me, bless His holy name.
Bless the Lord, O my soul, and all that is within me, bless His holy name.
He has done great things, He has done great things,
 He has done great things; bless His Holy name.
Bless the Lord, O my soul, and all that is within me, bless His holy name." 
 
The Christian Greeting
  		L. The Lord be with you!       P:  And also with you!

Announcements and Passing of the Pew Pads

Prayer for the Holy Spirit

*Hymn of Praise:  540              "I Love thy Kingdom, Lord"            St. Thomas              
*Hymn of Praise:  620                  "One Bread, One Body"                        Foley

The Mission of Stony Hill United Methodist Church is to:  FOLLOW JESUS, 
MAKE DISCIPLES, AND TRANSFORM THE WORLD

Psalm Reading # 756                Psalm 25                Lay Reader:  Barbara Stoker
Children's Time

Prayers of the People and the Lord's Prayer  #895

Stewardship Scripture: (read together) Matthew 6:19-21  "Do not store up for 
yourselves treasures on earth, where moth and rust destroy, and where thieves 
break in and steal.  But store up for  yourselves treasures in heaven,  where 
moth and rust  do nto destroy, and where thieves do not break in and steal.  For 
where your treasure is, there your heart will be also. "

Worship with Our Tithes and Offerings
*Doxology 94   "Praise God from Whom All Blessings Flow"    Lasst Uns Erfreun 

Choir Anthem                            "If That Isn't Love"                                Rambo

Scripture Reading:          John 8:1-11
  L. The Word of God for the People of God!        P. Thanks be to God!

Sermon 	     Who Can Throw the First Stone?                     Pastor Lanny

Service of  Holy Communion  # 12

*Hymn of Dedication  378                "Amazing Grace"                          Newton         
The altar is always open during the last hymn.
*Blessing							            

*Choral Benediction         "All Hail King Jesus"                                      Moody
"All hail King Jesus!  All hail Emmanuel. King of kings, Lord of Lords. Bright Morning Star.
And throughout eternity, I'll sing your praises, and I'll reign with you throughout eternity. "
Postlude 
* Stand as you are able

"the 535": MODERN   PRAISE  AND  WORSHIP   GATHERING 
Sundays at  5:35 pm in the Sanctuary with live band playing modern praise and 
worship music.  Prayer, brief message from the Bible.  Everyone is invited to 
come and worship the Lord with us.
Greeters for March 1, 2009: Bobby and Kay Mills  
Serving Today
Greeters: Mike and Martha O'Neill			Sound: Jim Measmer
Ushers:  Tevis Smith, Robert Stoker			Piano: Patty McCormick
Counters: Kay Pope, Pam Kiker		 		Organ: Lois Ray
Nursery:  	  					Pastor: Lanny Lancaster
Acolytes: Jacob Lancaster, Noah Lancaster assisted by Becki Stamper
Communion Assistants: Barbara Stoker, Debbie Measmer, Drinda Hathcock  

Visitors:  We warmly welcome all visitors today to our church and community!  
Please fill out one of the visitor's cards and place in the offering plate.   You are 
welcome and there is a place for you at Stony Hill!

Pastor Lanny's e-mail address is:	surferlanny@carolina.rr.com
Church's Website: www.stonyhillumc.org
Every Week at Stony Hill 
Sunday         9:45 am Sunday School for all ages; 10:45am Worship;  
                     5:35 pm  " the 535 " : Contemporary Praise & Worship Service
Monday        7:15 pm Girl Scouts, Fellowship Hall
Tuesday        Disciple Bible Study, 10:00 am & 7:00 pm, Fellowship Hall 
Wednesday   8:00 am Breakfast Bunch at Hal's;  7:00 pm Choir 
Thursday       6:30 pm  Cub and Boy Scouts, Fellowship Hall 

SCCM NEEDS:  March:  Canned Meats

Prayer Concerns

The Harold Hitchcock family, Glen Statler, Billy Smith, our new government leaders, 
Jean Holt, Virginia Moss, Harris Johnson, Pastor Lanny and family.  If you have a 
prayer concern that you would like added or deleted from the list, please call or e-mail 
Pastor Lanny at the parsonage.

Coming Up

March 4   Day Circle meets at  11:30 am.  Lunch provided. 
March 4   Care Team Meeting, 6:30 pm
March 8:  Daylight Saving Time Begins!  
March 21  One Great Day of Service: Hands-on outreach to our community.  
Volunteers needed to deliver outreach materials, make lunch bags at SCCM,   address 
appreciation letters, etc.






































Scripture for the week:  John 8:12-9:34



WHO IS JESUS?

Pastor Lanny  continues the  Sermon Series on the gospel of John.    There's no 
shortage of opinions about who Jesus is.  Some say he was just a good teacher 
or a leader of a political revolution.   Some say he was a victim.  Some say he 
was crazy.  But Jesus' followers know that Jesus is something much more: HE 
IS LORD AND SAVIOR OF THE WORLD!  Come each Sunday as we 
explore who Jesus is as revealed in the gospel of John, continuing next 
Sunday!  

Check Out:  "Lanny's Lyrics," a spiritual journal on the church's web 
site.


Flowers are placed in the church today to the glory of God and in memory 
of Sarah Ray Jones.















Scripture for the week:  John 8:12-9:34



WHO IS JESUS?

Pastor Lanny  continues the  Sermon Series on the gospel of John.    There's no 
shortage of opinions about who Jesus is.  Some say he was just a good teacher 
or a leader of a political revolution.   Some say he was a victim.  Some say he 
was crazy.  But Jesus' followers know that Jesus is something much more: HE 
IS LORD AND SAVIOR OF THE WORLD!  Come each Sunday as we 
explore who Jesus is as revealed in the gospel of John, continuing next 
Sunday!  

Check Out:  "Lanny's Lyrics," a spiritual journal on the church's web 
site.



Flowers are placed in the church today to the glory of God and in memory 
of Sarah Ray Jones.  

 
 
 
 
