
                

                   STONY 
HILL 
   UNITED 
METHODIST 
CHURCH             


Pastor:  "Lanny" Lancaster  
Ministers: The Whole Congregation



March 8, 2009                         Second Sunday in Lent                     10:45 AM

Prelude and Lighting of the Candles

*Choral Call to Worship          "Bless His Holy Name"             Bless His Name
"Bless the Lord, O my soul, and all that is within me, bless His holy name.
Bless the Lord, O my soul, and all that is within me, bless His holy name.
He has done great things, He has done great things,
 He has done great things; bless His Holy name.
Bless the Lord, O my soul, and all that is within me, bless His holy name." 
 
The Christian Greeting
  		L. The Lord be with you!       P:  And also with you!

Announcements and Passing of the Pew Pads

Prayer for the Holy Spirit

*Hymn of Praise:  462     " 'Tis So Sweet to Trust in Jesus"         Trust in Jesus                      
*Hymn of Praise:  572                         "Pass It On"                            Pass It On

The Mission of Stony Hill United Methodist Church is to:  FOLLOW JESUS, 
MAKE DISCIPLES, AND TRANSFORM THE WORLD

Psalm Reading # 752                 Psalm 22                   Lay Reader:  Becky Yates
Children's Time

Prayers of the People and the Lord's Prayer  #895

Stewardship Scripture: (read together) Matthew 23:23 "How terrible it will be 
for you teachers of religious law and you Pharisees. Hypocrites!  For you are 
careful to tithe even the tiniest part of your income, but you ignore the important 
things of the law: justice, mercy, and faith.  You should tithe, yes, but you should 
not leave undone the more important things."
  
Worship with Our Tithes and Offerings
*Doxology 94   "Praise God from Whom All Blessings Flow"    Lasst Uns Erfreun 

Choir Anthem                         "Lead me to Calvary"                         Duncannon

Scripture Reading:          John 9:1-41
  L. The Word of God for the People of God!        P. Thanks be to God!

Sermon        One Thing I Know, I Was Blind, Now I See             Pastor Lanny

*Hymn of Dedication  454    "Open My Eyes, that I May See"  Open My Eyes                        
The altar is always open during the last hymn.
*Blessing							            

*Choral Benediction         "All Hail King Jesus"                                      Moody
"All hail King Jesus!  All hail Emmanuel. King of kings, Lord of Lords. Bright Morning Star.
And throughout eternity, I'll sing your praises, and I'll reign with you throughout eternity."

Postlude 
* Stand as you are able


"the 535": MODERN   PRAISE  AND  WORSHIP   GATHERING 
Sundays at  5:35 pm in the Sanctuary with live band playing modern praise and 
worship music.  Prayer, brief message from the Bible.  Everyone is invited to 
come and worship the Lord with us.
Greeters for March 8, 2009: Tony & Frances Furr
Serving Today

Greeters: Dean & Pat Speight				Sound: Jim Measmer
Ushers:  Clifton Hurley, Joe Creech			Piano: Patty McCormick
Counters: Loraine Fesperman, Jane Burris 		Organ: Lois Ray
Nursery:  	  					Pastor: Lanny Lancaster
Acolytes: Zachary Hudson, Aaron Hudson assisted by Becki Stamper

Visitors:  We warmly welcome all visitors today to our church and community!  
Please fill out one of the visitor's cards and place in the offering plate.   You are 
welcome and there is a place for you at Stony Hill!

Pastor Lanny's e-mail address is:	surferlanny@carolina.rr.com
Church's Website: www.stonyhillumc.org
Every Week at Stony Hill 
Sunday         9:45 am Sunday School for all ages; 10:45 am Worship;  
                     5:35 pm  " the 535 " : Contemporary Praise & Worship Service
Monday        7:15 pm Girl Scouts, Fellowship Hall
Tuesday        Disciple Bible Study, 10:00 am & 7:00 pm, Fellowship Hall 
Wednesday   8:00 am Breakfast Bunch at Hal's;  7:00 pm Choir 
Thursday       6:30 pm  Cub and Boy Scouts, Fellowship Hall 

SCCM NEEDS:  March:  Canned Meats

Prayer Concerns
Leona Goodman, Rusty Fesperman, Jean Holt, Virginia Moss, the Harold Hitchcock 
family, Glen Statler, Billy Smith, our new government leaders,  Harris Johnson, Pastor 
Lanny and family.  If you have a prayer concern that you would like added or deleted 
from the list, please call or e-mail Pastor Lanny at the parsonage.

Coming Up
March 9   Friendship Circle meets at  7:00 pm in the Choir room. 
March 21  One Great Day of Service: Hands-on outreach to our community.                
Volunteers are needed to deliver outreach materials, make lunch bags at SCCM, 
address appreciation letters, etc.

March 28  Chicken BBQ Dinner from 4 pm -  until to raise funds  for the 
mission trip to the Gulf.    Donations accepted.




































Scripture for the week:  John 9:35-11:44


WHO IS JESUS?

Pastor Lanny  continues the  Sermon Series on the gospel of John.    There's no 
shortage of opinions about who Jesus is.  Some say he was just a good teacher 
or a leader of a political revolution.   Some say he was a victim.  Some say he 
was crazy.  But Jesus' followers know that Jesus is something much more: HE 
IS LORD AND SAVIOR OF THE WORLD!  Come each Sunday as we 
explore who Jesus is as revealed in the gospel of John, continuing next 
Sunday!  

Check Out:  "Lanny's Lyrics," a spiritual journal on the church's web 
site.





















Scripture for the week:  John 9:35-11:44


WHO IS JESUS?

Pastor Lanny  continues the  Sermon Series on the gospel of John.    There's no 
shortage of opinions about who Jesus is.  Some say he was just a good teacher 
or a leader of a political revolution.   Some say he was a victim.  Some say he 
was crazy.  But Jesus' followers know that Jesus is something much more: HE 
IS LORD AND SAVIOR OF THE WORLD!  Come each Sunday as we 
explore who Jesus is as revealed in the gospel of John, continuing next 
Sunday!  

Check Out:  "Lanny's Lyrics," a spiritual journal on the church's web 
site.



 
 
 
 
