
                

                   STONY 
HILL 
   UNITED 
METHODIST 
CHURCH             


Pastor:  "Lanny" Lancaster  
Ministers: The Whole Congregation



May 10, 2009                       Fifth Sunday of Easter                         10:45 AM

Prelude and Lighting of the Candles

*Choral Call to Worship	  "For He Alone is Worthy"           Adeste Fideles
"For He alone is worthy, For He alone is worthy, For He alone is worthy, Christ the Lord.
We'll give Him all the glory, We'll give Him all the glory, We'll give Him all the glory,
Christ the Lord." 
 
The Easter Christian Greeting
  		L. Christ is Risen!       P:  Christ is Risen Indeed!

Welcome, Announcements and Passing of the Pew Pads

Prayer for the Holy Spirit                  

Hymn of Praise   361                         Rock of Ages                                Toplady
Hymn of Praise   367                       He Touched Me                  He Touched Me
 
The Mission of Stony Hill United Methodist Church is to:  FOLLOW JESUS, 
MAKE DISCIPLES, AND TRANSFORM THE WORLD

Psalm Reading # 752                 Psalm 22                 Lay Reader:   Gayle Comer 

Prayers of the People and the Prayer of St. Francis     # 481

Stewardship Scripture: (read together) Haggai 2:8  "'The silver is mine and 
the gold is mine,' declares the Lord Almighty."

Worship with Our Tithes and Offerings

*Doxology 94   "Praise God from Whom All Blessings Flow"    Lasst Uns Erfreun
 
Anthem              "I Call Him Lord"

Scripture:     John 20:19-31

Sermon:                            Doubts and Faith                                   Pastor Lanny

Service of Holy Communion:  # 12

*Hymn of Dedication   707                    Hymn of Promise                     Promise
The altar is always open  during the last hymn.
Blessing

Choral Benediction                 "The Family of God"
"I'm so glad I'm a part of the family of God.
I've been washed in the fountain, cleansed by his blood.
Joint heirs with Jesus as we travel this sod. For I'm a part of the family, the Family of God."

Postlude 
*Stand as you are able

"the 535": MODERN   PRAISE  AND  WORSHIP   GATHERING 
No "535" service today, Sunday May 12!


United Methodist Men will meet Saturday May 16 at 7:30 am for meeting 
and breakfast.  Church Fellowship Hall.



Serving  Today

Greeters: Kay Pope, Bonnie Ward			Sound: Spencer Peele
Ushers:  Jay Fesperman,  Barry Mullinix			Piano: Patty McCormick
Counters: Kay Pope, Joe Ingram 	  		Organ: Lois Ray
Nursery:  	  					Pastor: Lanny Lancaster
Acolytes: Tabitha Peele, Hannah Caudle assisted by Bonnie Ward
Communion Assistants: Yusef Craig, Grant Kiker, Nick Putnam

Flowers today are given to the glory of God by Joe Creech and family.

Every Week at Stony Hill 
Sunday         9:45 am Sunday School for all ages; 10:45 am Worship;  
                     5:35 pm  " the 535 " : Contemporary Praise & Worship Service
Monday        7:15 pm Girl Scouts, Fellowship Hall
Tuesday        Disciple Bible Study, 10:00 am and 7:00 pm, Fellowship Hall 
Wednesday   8:00 am Breakfast Bunch at Hal's;  7:00 pm Choir 
Thursday       6:30 pm  Cub and Boy Scouts, Fellowship Hall 

SCCM NEEDS  May:  Toiletries

Prayer Concerns
Carolyn Terry, Rev. Sandy Giles (our current District Superintendent) will be 
moving to a church appointment),  Rev. Amy Coles (our new District 
Superintendent), Victims of the Swine Flu,  Tonya Furr, Becki Stamper, Mike 
Settlemyer, Leona Goodman, Rusty Fesperman, Jean Holt, Virginia Moss, the 
Harold Hitchcock family,  Billy Smith, our leaders in government, Pastor 
Lanny and family.  *If you have a prayer concern that you would like added or 
deleted from the list, please call or e-mail Pastor Lanny at the parsonage.

Visitors:  We warmly welcome all visitors today to our church and community!  
Please fill out one of the visitor's cards and place in the offering plate.   You are 
welcome and there is a place for you at Stony Hill!

Happy Mother's Day to all Mothers!









































Scripture for the week: John 21:1-25



WHO IS JESUS?

Pastor Lanny continues the  Sermon Series on the gospel of John.    There's no 
shortage of opinions about who Jesus is.  Some say he was just a good teacher or a 
leader of a political revolution.   Some say he was a victim.  Some say he was crazy.  
But Jesus' followers know that Jesus is something much more: HE IS LORD AND 
SAVIOR OF THE WORLD!  Come each Sunday as we explore who Jesus is as 
revealed in the gospel of John, continuing next Sunday!  



At Patty's request, Stony Hill is recruiting for a pianist.  If you know of anyone 
who might be interested, please let Pastor Lanny or the  PPR Committee know.  

Pastor Lanny's e-mail address is:	surferlanny@carolina.rr.com

Church's Website: www.stonyhillumc.org

United Methodist Women, Day Circle:  will meet Wednesday, May 13, 
2009, at 11:30 am, in the Fellowship Hall.  Lunch will be provided.

Graduate Recognition Day:  will be celebrated Sunday, June 7.  All 
graduates are urged to wear their caps and gowns and to sit together 
during worship.  Please be sure the church office knows about Your 
graduate if you would like for them to be recognized that day. 





Scripture for the Week:  John 21:1-25



WHO IS JESUS?

Pastor Lanny continues the  Sermon Series on the gospel of John.    There's no 
shortage of opinions about who Jesus is.  Some say he was just a good teacher or a 
leader of a political revolution.   Some say he was a victim.  Some say he was crazy.  
But Jesus' followers know that Jesus is something much more: HE IS LORD AND 
SAVIOR OF THE WORLD!  Come each Sunday as we explore who Jesus is as 
revealed in the gospel of John, continuing next Sunday!  



At Patty's request, Stony Hill is recruiting for a pianist.  If you know of anyone 
who might be interested, please let Pastor Lanny or the  PPR Committee know.  

Pastor Lanny's e-mail address is:	surferlanny@carolina.rr.com

Church's Website: www.stonyhillumc.org

United Methodist Women, Day Circle:  will meet Wednesday, May 13, 
2009, at 11:30 am, in the Fellowship Hall.  Lunch will be provided.

Graduate Recognition Day:  will be celebrated Sunday, June 7.  All 
graduates are urged to wear their caps and gowns and to sit together 
during worship.  Please be sure the church office knows about Your 
graduate if you would like for them to be recognized that day. 

 
 
 
 
