                

                   STONY 
HILL 
   UNITED 
METHODIST 
CHURCH             

Pastor:  "Lanny" Lancaster  
Ministers: The Whole Congregation




November 29, 2009                   First Sunday of Advent                  10:45 AM
           Hanging of the Greens Service
Prelude and Lighting of the Candles
The Christian Greeting:        L. The Lord Be With You!      P:  And Also with You!

Welcome, Announcements and Passing of the Pew Pads         
Prayer for the Holy Spirit                  

Reading for the First Sunday of Advent:                   Lay Reader: John Henderson
L:  Christ came to bring us salvation and has promised to come again.  Let us pray that 
we may always be ready to welcome him.  That the keeping of Advent may open our 
hearts to God's love, That the light of Christ may penetrate the darkness of sin, That 
this wreath may constantly remind us to prepare for the coming of Christ, That the 
Christmas season may fill us with peace and joy as we strive to follow the example of
Jesus.
P:  Loving God, your Church joyfully awaits the coming of its Savior, who 
enlightens our hearts and  dispels the darkness of ignorance and sin.  Pour forth 
your blessings upon us as we light the candles of this wreath.  May their light 
reflect the splendor of Christ, who is Lord, for ever and ever.  Amen.
L.  Isaiah 60:2-3.  "See darkness covers the earth and thick darkness if over the 
peoples, but the Lord rises upon you and his glory appears over you.  Nations will 
come to your light and kings to the brightness of your dawn.
P:  We light this candle as a symbol of Christ our Hope.  May the light sent from 
god shine in the darkness to show us the way of salvation.  O come, O come, 
Emmanuel."

Ringing of the Bells

The Significance of the Bells
The Significance of the Star
*Hymn # 211           O Come, O Come, Emmanuel                          Veni Emmanuel
The Significance of the Candles 

Worship with Our Tithes and Offerings
Offertory:  Guest Violinist, Michael Lowder, grandson of Jerry Lowder
*Doxology 94    Praise God from Whom All Blessings Flow       Lasst Uns Erfreun

Scripture Reading:  Isaiah 9:6-7
The Significance of the Advent Wreath
*Hymn # 196         Come, Thou Long-Expected Jesus                                 Hyfrydol
Scripture:       Luke 1:1-7    					             
Anthem                                                                                                Stony Hill Choir
The Significance of the Holly and the Ivy
*Hymn    The Holly and the Ivy  (Words can be found on the insert)
Scripture:  Luke 2:8-17
Scripture:  Matthew  2:7-11
*Hymn # 239  Silent Night, verses 1 & 4                                                   Stille Nacht 
The Significance of Poinsettias
Scripture:  John 1:9-14

The Significance of the Chrismon Tree
*Hymn: O Christmas Tree  (Words can be found on the insert)
The Significance of the Angel, The Significance of Christ in the Manger,  The 
Significance of the Descending Dove, The Significance of the Fish, The 
Significance  of the Shepherd's Staff,  	The Significance of the Resurrection 
Cross, The Significance of the Tau Cross with the Snake, The Significance of the 
Celtic Cross.

The Significance of Christ in our Lives
The Unity Prayer 
*Hymn   # 234          O Come, All Ye Faithful                                     Adeste Fideles
Ringing of the Bells
Benediction
Postlude

* Stand as you are able
Serving  Today
Greeters:  Bruce & Wanda Smith			Sound:  Spencer Peele
Ushers:  Mike O'Neill, Joe Ingram	  		Piano: Patty McCormick
Counters: Kay Pope, Gary Wagoner		Organ: Lois Ray  	  
Nursery: Kathy Johnson				Pastor: Lanny Lancaster
Acolytes: Kaylin Massey, Jasmine Benson assisted by Bonnie Ward 
Projection System: Noah Lancaster

Every Week at Stony Hill
Sunday         9:45 am Sunday School for all ages; 10:45 am Worship
                     5:00 Pioneer Club, Junior Youth, and Senior Youth meet each week  
                     6:07 pm  " the 607 " Contemporary Praise & Worship Service
Monday        7:15 pm  Girl Scouts, Fellowship Hall
Tuesday       10 am Disciple 2   
Wednesday   8:00 am  Breakfast Bunch at Hal's;  7:00 pm Choir 
Thursday       6:30 pm  Cub and Boy Scouts, Fellowship Hall 

SCCM NEEDS: November – Canned Meats,  December – Canned Fruit

Visitors:  We warmly welcome all visitors today to our church and community!  Please 
fill out one of the visitor's cards and place in the offering plate.   
You are welcome and there is a place for you at Stony Hill!

Prayer Concerns 
"Experiencing God" the Lay Witness Mission, April 23-25, 2010;  Carolyn Helms, Dean 
Speight, Jimmy Burris, Jean and Harold Holt, Grace Dorsey, Bobby Johnson,  Pastor Lanny, 
Janet and family.  
Shut-ins: Alberta Boggan, Pauline Davis, Robbie Fesperman, Dick Mills, Edith Mills, Deane 
Mullinix, Ruby Murray, Eunice Plyler, Helen Smith, Kate Swaringen.  *If you have a prayer 
concern that you would like added or deleted from the list, please call or e-mail Pastor Lanny. 

"New Beginnings"  Pastor Lanny continues a teaching / sermon series on the book of Genesis.  
Read through Genesis with us at home!  Scripture for the week:  Genesis, chapter: 46

The "607" Sunday evening service: will meet  tonight. Greeters: Kay & Bobby Mills

December 2:  Administrative Board Meeting,  7:00 pm
December 6:  Church-wide Covered Dish Supper, 6:00 pm, Program 7:00 pm
Christmas Cantata presented by the Stony Hill Choir:  Sunday, December  20 at 10:45 am.
Children's Christmas  Program:  Sunday, December 20 at  7:00 pm.
Christmas Eve Communion Service: Thursday December 24 at 7:00 pm
December 12:  A Day of Giving, sponsored  by the Welcome SS class
  









 
 
 
 
